LANG_ENG It is not acceptable that , with the help of the national bureaucracies , Parliament &apos;s legislative prerogative should be made null and void by means of implementing provisions whose content , purpose and extent are not laid down in advance .
LANG_ENG Federal Master Trainer and Senior Instructor of the Italian Federation of Aerobic Fitness , Group Fitness , Postural Gym , Stretching and Pilates; from 2004 , he has been collaborating with Antiche Terme as personal Trainer and Instructor of Stretching , Pilates and Postural Gym .
LANG_ENG &quot; Two soldiers came up to me and told me that if I refuse to sleep with them , they will kill me . They beat me and ripped my clothes .
LANG_ENG Yes , we also say that the European budget is not about the duplication of national budgets , but about delivering common goals beyond the capacity of nation states where European funds can realise economies of scale or create synergies .
LANG_ENG The name of this site , and program name Title purchased will not be displayed .
LANG_ENG They would be abiding by the principle of the UN , which precludes military action except in self-defence , which does not apply here .
LANG_ENG rapporteur . - (FR) Mr President , representatives of the Council and the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking my colleagues , who entrusted me with this report , and the shadow rapporteur for their respective contributions .
LANG_ENG Shortly thereafter , Mårthen Cedergran , who had been responsible for vocals , left Bombshell Rocks to establish himself as a tattoo artist .
LANG_ENG The next item should be the presentation by the Commission of the preliminary draft budget for 2001 .
LANG_ENG This is about as much as we can hope for within the confines of the common fisheries policy .
LANG_ENG Description: ATTENTION PLEASE: WE CHARGE THE COST OF THE FIRST NIGHT AS A DEPOSIT AFTER THE ONLINE CONFIRMATION !
LANG_ENG The Commission itself has given assurances that it will see to it that European seafarers are not put to any disadvantage by this agreement .
LANG_ENG In the next two days we will try , with the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Security and Defence Policy and our distinguished guests , to work out what the framework of a Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Forum would look like .
LANG_ENG Discover the most intuitive design for the best image processing tools .
LANG_ENG The problem is , despite the beautiful coast and mountains , if good transparent progress is not made by having environmental assessments , then this beautiful countryside is in danger of being destroyed .
LANG_ENG The Ventura MC processes even this demanding product at a speed of 200 cycles per minute - that is what you call efficient book sewing !
LANG_ENG In everyday life , he works as a process improver at Eiffel .
LANG_ENG If this is conceded , it will be a step forwards; if it is not , none of the rest - not even more effectiveness or better organisation - will make any difference to the European Union &apos;s decision-making process .
LANG_ENG He claimed his actions were justified because the Cardassians were preparing to renew hostilities only a year after peace had been settled with the United Federation of Planets .
LANG_ENG This page was last edited at 10: 59 , on 19 June 2009 by Anonymous user (s) of Wikitravel .
LANG_ENG Some wine-growers are therefore tempted to replant their vineyards before the date on which their right to do so expires .
LANG_ENG To be frank , during the negotiations - and with the support of the Commission moreover - it became very clear to us that we were being troublemakers .
LANG_ENG To be honest , access to them on the part of organisations has been on an arbitrary basis .
LANG_ENG On this page you will find information on the trade fairs we will be exhibiting at this year .
LANG_ENG In many ways the enlargement of the European Union is comparable to the tour de France .
LANG_ENG Some theorists include in this formulation the perceived distance of the moon (how far it appears to be from an observer).
LANG_ENG The quality of all furniture , fixtures and fittings was excellent .
LANG_ENG The Bone Bruise Technique was developed in 1995 . The Bone Bruise Technique can be used anywhere in the body , throughout the skeletal system , for correction of acute and chronic bone and joint pain that may be related to bone bruises .
LANG_ENG Yet , if we really want growth in Europe , then we genuinely need to have a single market in Europe .
LANG_ENG The compromise finally reached by the Council is , broadly speaking , in line with Parliament &apos; s stance .
LANG_ENG This page was last modified 15: 34 , 11 September 2007 by Red _ marquis .
LANG_ENG All our detectives are former workers of special regiment of Czech Police , where they were participated in solution of the serious criminal offences .
LANG_ENG Equally , we will include provisions on readmission of illegal immigrants , while also developing our cooperation with the Iranian authorities on the broader issues of migration .
LANG_ENG Hallmarking is Europe " s earliest form of consumer protection and probably started in France , the standard for silver being established in 1260 .
LANG_ENG Apparently the Commission is discussing a paper with the Member States without even informing Parliament that it is doing so .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Commissioner Fischler , rural development can and must tackle the problem from three different angles: preservation of jobs , stewardship of the countryside and , not least , local culture , because that is of the utmost importance .
LANG_ENG Who is going to define how serious something has to be before intervention is necessary ?
LANG_ENG I think that the EU should be prepared to face any attack or accident which jeopardises Europeans &apos; security and health .
LANG_ENG We know that our customers often have chosen Embedded Linux to escape the vendor lock-in .
LANG_ENG However , I would like to make two things quite clear , which in my opinion should definitely be viewed as critical comments .
LANG_ENG Australian Premier John Howard has likewise openly mulled pre-emptive military strikes on terrorist sanctuaries in the region .
LANG_ENG Later it was inhabited by Kares , Finikes , Cretans and Ionians .
LANG_ENG Secondly , I support the principle of financial assistance to the main ACP banana-producing countries .
LANG_ENG Further inventions like a two-phase induction motor , three-phase current system and multi-phase engines , are based in the areas of energy and magnetism , weak power production and - transfer .
LANG_ENG Going north on the Sun Yat-sen Freeway , exit at BinJiang Street in Taipei , turn left at the end of the exit ramp , turn left after a few meters , and cross the DaZhih Bridge .
LANG_ENG in writing . - (IT) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I voted in favour of Mr Cottigny &apos;s report on informing and consulting employees in the European Community .
LANG_ENG That means in 12 to 18 months of payment of minimum subscription , or a fine and salt .
LANG_ENG If that is a basis for trust , I am quite astounded .
LANG_ENG I am therefore able to accept it .
LANG_ENG I &apos;m not interested in girls with four layers , although they are also pretty adorable as the body is in the bloom period up nang sexy .
LANG_ENG Later on , it is possible to accommodate grandparents or grown-up children in two separate apartments .
LANG_ENG This is why we are , actually , in a kind of virtual debate and are doing silly things to boot .
LANG_ENG I voted in favour of this document , because CAP reform must include adequate and reliable new measures and instruments which support farmers in improving crop rotation systems so as to substantially reduce the current protein deficit and price volatility .
LANG_ENG Originals can be seen in the wonderful rooms of the Austrian Gallery in the Belvedere in Vienna .
LANG_ENG I also think that the indicators should be developed more and that digital marine charts should be drawn up , which should also be used for cultural purposes .
LANG_ENG In this tricky situation it was fundamentally important to give a signal of unity , cooperation and responsibility in a way that would get the negotiations to set new emission reduction targets for the post-Kyoto period (2012) off to a good start .
LANG_ENG Finally , a third lesson - relevant to the fight against the death penalty and , indeed , to winning any political battle - is perseverance , which I consider to be a mix of pig-headedness and the ability to maintain one " s position .
LANG_ENG And in any case , should we not appeal against a decision to imprison a Spanish businessman on the basis of the Helms-Burton Act ?
LANG_ENG With the recent plan of ECU 10m , we have slightly enlarged the list of the NGOs .
LANG_ENG Look at what happens in the United States or in Switzerland , where the taxes are not the same .
LANG_ENG Smiths , Jervis St , Dublin 1. very good pub food , also handy to stop in if you &apos;re shopping around the Henry St area .
LANG_ENG Among winter sports also the formula Fitness in Nature for those who love cross-country skiing .
LANG_ENG EMULE , or electronic mule , is appropriately named as it is a very powerful file sharing program .
LANG_ENG Madam President , over the last couple of years I have had the opportunity - perhaps I should say that alas I have had the opportunity - of making all too many statements to this Parliament on the situation in the Middle East .
LANG_ENG Known as Typhoon for export , this high-performance multi-role combat aircraft is designed primarily for air superiority missions with extended air-to-ground mission capability .
LANG_ENG This web site was born out of curiosity and its goal is to gather , for informative purposes , statistical data regarding the delays of the Cisalpino Pendolino .
LANG_ENG Why is my internet connection so slowly ?
LANG_ENG As we speak , my country , Italy , has increased its arms exports by 25% in one year and is forecasting a 40% increase in future .
LANG_ENG Born 1958 in Obernberg am Inn / Austria .
LANG_ENG It " s warmly expressive , intensely phrased , and the recorded sound is full and rich .
LANG_ENG  (If any of the abilities use that creature &apos;s name , use this creature &apos;s name instead .
LANG_ENG That is absolutely crucial . I entirely agree with Mrs Mann as far as that is concerned .
LANG_ENG From the outset it became a leader in the field of the production and installation of greenhousing products , both at national and international level . At present , it is run by the Spelgatti family .
LANG_ENG For more than 60 years , they have made garden furniture and they can really say this with quality and care for their furniture .
LANG_ENG In fact , it is all a question of political will , others have said this and I would like to stress the point , nothing important will happen if we do not want it to .
LANG_ENG Keeping the mage and warlock feeling distinct is a big challenge .
LANG_ENG The bar is a great place to meet , talk sports or just enjoy the surroundings .
LANG_ENG This may mean that the definition of what constitutes a serious crime is completely different in terms of the type of crime .
LANG_ENG Conan Doyle spent many holidays in Meiringen , and there is a museum dedicated to him and his famous detective . Readers reacted to the news of Holmes " death with displeasure , which led the novelist to resurrect him three years later .
LANG_ENG The population of that region expects such obvious problems to be solved .
LANG_ENG * JBOD - " Just a bunch of discs ": The PC recognize several HDDs via one USB cable .
LANG_ENG But it is clear that Mr Zeroual &apos;s government will not take Algeria out of the rut it has fallen into .
LANG_ENG ) - first floor: big living room with fire place , brick cooking corner with dischwascher , double divan-bed , 2 double rooms with bath and shower , satellite tv .
LANG_ENG For our adventuresome guests the vibrant metropolis is the perfect travel destination . The centre of carnival is always worth a journey .
LANG_ENG This plugin scans web pages for PDF links and set them to open with Google Docs Viewer . So there is no more need of Adobe reader .
LANG_ENG The outcome of the abovementioned dialogue should result in paving the way towards - I would like to emphasise - the modernised CAP providing equal conditions for all Member States .
LANG_ENG The use of laser light has made it possible to develop instruments for high precision measurements in the factory , on-line and on the bench .
LANG_ENG This enables easier handling when the bag is not put on the ground and the lid is not always in your way .
LANG_ENG For my country , actions to further international cooperation and better results are still of fundamental importance .
LANG_ENG The hotels restaurant El Rincon offers French cuisine and an à la carte menu for lunch and dinner .
LANG_ENG When installed , the Display Properties / Screen Saver / StarSaver options box is displayed .
LANG_ENG You can read a list of the features currently being tested here .
LANG_ENG Room cancellation is free up to 15 days prior to arrival .
LANG_ENG Unfortunately , at this time , the conflicts that have arisen in these countries are seriously undermining their economic , social and political development , and constitute a serious obstacle to cooperation and regional security , as shown by the recent uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt .
LANG_ENG " API " means the set of routines utilized by the Skype Software to provide the Skype Software functionality for a given platform or operating system .
LANG_ENG Clearly , such dramatic decisions can , however , be damaging to the regions and to those communities that depend upon fisheries and the industry surrounding fisheries . The EU must therefore intervene and raise some of these problems .
LANG_ENG Achieving an agreement in Copenhagen will give the necessary impetus for coordination at global level of the actions to be taken against climate change .
LANG_ENG When the biologists objected that not all cells are spherical , Rashevsky responded that the theory must first be applied to the simplest cases .
LANG_ENG Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would first like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Lange , because he has once again spearheaded a very important debate here .
LANG_ENG He is being held by his Taliban captors , who threaten to execute him today if their demands are not met .
LANG_ENG IBM Installation Manager can be silently installed and uninstalled .
LANG_ENG This means that , although they do not have a notification duty , they must , of course , deliver waste .
LANG_ENG  (The President cut off the speaker) 
LANG_ENG This is all the more important because - as has already been said - all these safety requirements also concern the protection of human beings , and in particular the protection of people who are incapable or less capable of giving their informed consent .
LANG_ENG We also have to promote people &apos;s interest in ecological farms and ecological products , both at EU level and in the Member States .
LANG_ENG These peoples naturally belong among us , and they have earned their place in our midst .
LANG_ENG That is why we have tabled Amendment No 11 by Mr Watson and Baroness Ludford , on the basis of which this penalty scheme does not apply if a person is seeking asylum .
LANG_ENG On this issue , therefore , it is necessary to act cautiously , seeking the broadest possible consensus and taking account of international law .
LANG_ENG I think that this way of operating farm policy is not conducive to creating confidence amongst the producers concerned .
LANG_ENG For this reason , it remains essential that we have adequate resources at our disposal over and above the CAP budget .
LANG_ENG In drawing up the proposal , the Commission carefully considered which products should be included within its scope .
LANG_ENG Place your chips on the table corresponding to one or more dice combinations .
LANG_ENG But after my sickness I couldn " t find a way to access that part of my brain .
LANG_ENG Save on data roaming costs: Travel abroad and use a prepaid SIM card with your Surfstick. launch2net Premium will take care of the connection details .
LANG_ENG Thursday:
LANG_ENG Golf at the two local 18 hole courses or at the pitch and putt .
LANG_ENG The debate is closed .
LANG_ENG Fixed a bug where NPC faction changes were not properly affecting quest-giver exclamation marks .
LANG_ENG It is important for the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission to have regular contact on these issues , not only between officials , but also at policy level .
LANG_ENG Energize for the day ahead in the gym , or simply relax at the free Wi-Fi zone in the lobby café .
LANG_ENG Yes , of course we have special prices negotiated with companies .
LANG_ENG Another field of application for alloys with 76 - 81% Ni-content is the magnetic shielding of devices , components , or control elements .
LANG_ENG This is an area where the threshold of the intolerable has been crossed , and I am well aware that France has no monopoly on such things .
LANG_ENG Creative Recreation WMNS Galow HI (yellow / black) - Product not found !
LANG_ENG The company is also responsible for any social consequences that a partial stoppage of production may have .
LANG_ENG The Council President was right to warn him against using force and quite properly urged him to respect press freedom and democracy , an admonition which he will probably ignore , as observers expressly complained he did at the time of the elections .
LANG_ENG We must not abandon this essential attribute in favor of provincialism of any variety .
LANG_ENG As pollution does not stop at borders , we must also urge our neighbouring countries to implement our strict mercury policy .
LANG_ENG He was reportedly in charge of liaising with the commanders in the field and of supervising and controlling operations .
LANG_ENG A more realistic goal would be to understand the history of other countries and their impartial version of events .
LANG_ENG I believe that we should show our appreciation for their silent and subtle company with great enthusiasm .
LANG_ENG Additionally , a design-scrum-of-scrums has proven to be very good to keep track of different design solutions within other teams , meaning regular meetings after the teams " stand-up meetings with the GUI representatives of these teams .
LANG_ENG There is no need to declare this before the vote; if you agree , we shall proceed in this way .
LANG_ENG If you now want to replay a picture and you are used to press the lowest button on the left hand side the camera will ask you if you are sure to delete the picture: This will come as a surprise !
LANG_ENG In addition to proposing an increase in the care allowance , we are therefore also discussing a Social Year and appropriate retraining for the unemployed , as well as " care semesters " for prospective medical students .
LANG_ENG in writing . - The Lambsdorff report and recommendation are of high political importance in as much as they promote a reinforcement of the European Union inside the United Nations .
LANG_ENG You can move into this or another bungalow right now .
LANG_ENG The Commission will , therefore , examine whether the current programmes can be used for PACT-like projects for inter-modal transport in the candidate countries .
LANG_ENG These are luxury cottages consisting of 2 rooms for 3 people each .
LANG_ENG So we must muster the strength to create competitive structures .
LANG_ENG We analyze surfaces and interfaces down to the micro- and nanometer scale with state-of-the-art analytical equipment .
LANG_ENG Particularly the CGI program has no possibility to inform the client about its result (output) that way .
LANG_ENG ... sound clips 36- to 144-notes movements right in column &quot; information &quot; ...
LANG_ENG The co-decision and conciliation mechanism has led us into an impasse .
LANG_ENG SLD confronted on the online activities .
LANG_ENG When will the results and prizes of the corporate runs be awarded ?
LANG_ENG And this difference emerges even before it is fully operational .
LANG_ENG They pardon the new absence , I am without time .
LANG_ENG In the meantime , in fact , the only path open is to increase the contributor base , while noting that the current rise in the employment rate seems rather insecure .
LANG_ENG Question No 25 by (H-0549 / 00):
LANG_ENG Teachers , prefects and special music , gym and catechesis teachers provide assistance to the girls and boys that attend the Kindergarten every day .
LANG_ENG In response to the Commissioner &apos;s call , the three main industry associations - the Federation of European Securities Exchanges (FESE), European Association of Central Counterparty Clearing Houses (EACH) and European Central Securities Depositories Association (ECSDA) - prepared a Code of Conduct .
LANG_ENG Ljeto i ljetovanje na Kornatima nezaboravan je i neponovljiv doživljaj .
LANG_ENG The Commission has suggested the blame lies with the Member States .
LANG_ENG It is , of course , unfortunate that German banks and pension funds lent money to debt-laden countries such as Spain , Greece , and Portugal on overly favorable terms , inflating asset bubbles that eventually had to burst .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I will limit myself to only a few basic comments .
LANG_ENG The legendary Venetian Villas , made in the 1500 by artists such as Palladio and Veronese: a 30 km itinerary from Padova to Venezia , along the Brenta River , by car or by the famous boat &quot; il Burchiello &quot; .
LANG_ENG This hampers the procedure of customs clearance , especially in cases , when a heterogeneous product is shipped by the supplier simultaneously in one product group .
LANG_ENG Until now , the Polish Government has not asked the Commission to investigate the reasons for the Smoleńsk disaster .
LANG_ENG A voluntary instrument is all very well so long as it is not required to replace framework directives that have not been passed .
LANG_ENG This campaign has to be financed from resources of the Member States , privately and with European funds .
LANG_ENG When it comes to dividing up the work that exists in this Parliament , I , as rapporteur for REACH , belong to the category of sherpas , of those who work to deliver results , like my colleague , Mrs Gebhardt .
LANG_ENG Great location , close to the city centre and historic sites .
LANG_ENG Fashion , literature and food are ranked fourth , each with 4% .
LANG_ENG Let me also welcome the support expressed in your draft opinion for the Commission proposal to amend the Regulation on the Application of the Protocol on the Excessive Deficit Procedure (EDP).
LANG_ENG In March 2010 , Toho Tenax Co . , Ltd . , Tokyo / Japan , the core company of Teijin " s carbon fibers business , began to sell carbon fiber fabric that is less than half the weight of conventional lightest carbon fiber fabrics .
LANG_ENG Yesterday &apos;s Minutes said that we agreed Tuesday &apos;s Minutes but in fact Tuesday &apos;s Minutes were incorrect .
LANG_ENG The integrated Hall sensors provide the position information for the commutation of the motor .
LANG_ENG Businesses are sometimes exempted from legal provisions , so that special licences are granted , or environmental or noise standards are loosely applied .
LANG_ENG I would like to state quite categorically on behalf of the Scottish National Party members here , Mrs Ewing and myself , that is not the case .
LANG_ENG How much control should we have over personal information on the web ?
LANG_ENG Piracy has an impact on our fishing and merchant fleet , and also on the countries with whom we sign agreements , whose development or ruin also depends on the safety of fishing in that area .
LANG_ENG None of those indicted for war crimes had been arrested by the authorities of Republika Srpska .
LANG_ENG Canada has a reputation as a leader in English language education .
LANG_ENG Only a few minutes walking distance from the hotel , you will be able to taste the multiple delights of the local restaurants or you can visit the famous Grand Rex cinema (movie theatre), admire the Place de la République or explore the Musée Grévin waxworks .
LANG_ENG According to an old Chinese saying , " a just cause enjoys abundant support , while an unjust cause finds scant support . " A " just cause " resides in people " s hearts .
LANG_ENG Normally one plate per group but if you are in a large group you may have to request additional plates .
LANG_ENG Change the section related to choosing a filesystem: note that ext3 is now the default .
LANG_ENG This page was last modified 18: 50 , 19 November 2009 by gautam .
LANG_ENG The Audiovisual Training Coalition (ATC) was established in December 2006 with the aim to represent the interests of independent organizations devoted to transnational training , development and research for the audiovisual industry .
LANG_ENG Instead Spain , has strenuously defended them , and complemented it with new products .
LANG_ENG The Finance Ministers need to decide in ECOFIN whether to hold an informal meeting on the financial perspectives .
LANG_ENG However , I do not agree with this line of thought .
LANG_ENG The staff var friendly and very helpfull .
LANG_ENG If we are to conduct a dialogue in Europe on contemporary challenges to humanitarianism , we cannot restrict ourselves to the death penalty , on which we do , after all , have a common opinion .
LANG_ENG Today , after we submitted our motion , we were informed by various human rights organisations that three women activists from this movement - Nashrin Afzali , Nahid Jafari and Zeynab Peyghambarzadeh - have been sentenced to suspended prison sentences and whipping .
LANG_ENG And MSN Webmaster tools also have a sitemap that is little known to register I do not like .
LANG_ENG The majority of the titles was produced exclusively for this music competition and their lyrics are about Karnevals der Kulturen .
LANG_ENG Academy membership may be obtained by a competitive nomination (however , the nominee must be invited to join) or a member may submit a name .
LANG_ENG Cost-efficiency is essential .
LANG_ENG The Bank does not collect personally identifying data from the Website except when specifically and knowingly provided by you .
LANG_ENG in writing . - I voted against this report .
LANG_ENG Deejaysystem Audio Mk2 is an audio mixing programme and a simple and preci ...
LANG_ENG Chaos will be arranged and reduced to essential elements . In the constant dialogue basic knowledge of chromatics and composition teachings is playfully learnable .
LANG_ENG The Roman period was one of comparative calm , Palermo coming under the provincial administration in Syracuse .
LANG_ENG Subject: The EU &apos;s State aid map
LANG_ENG Shine gained today in Wijchen (NL) another point for his Dutch youthtitle .
LANG_ENG Mr President , the conciliation has been quite difficult .
LANG_ENG Mr President of the Commission , this is our message: use your power of initiative to help the Council to adopt an ambitious programme for a social Europe .
LANG_ENG I welcome the adoption of many amendments , which I will not go over again , but I would like to say that today we are asking not just for micro-credit resources , but we are also asking that micro-credit ...
LANG_ENG Beginning today you can order tickets for Karel Gott " s concert in Prague " s 02 Arena on Nov . 26 , 2008 .
LANG_ENG We have some &#91; http: / / spreadopenmedia.org / banners banners &#93; that you can use .
LANG_ENG Apart from this issue , we will vote in favour , because it is clear that progress has been made .
LANG_ENG As well as that , funding is extremely important .
LANG_ENG The + operator appends elements of remaining keys from the right handed array to the left handed , whereas duplicated keys are NOT overwritten .
LANG_ENG I think that whoever takes the risk of smoking and becoming ill will already have paid for his hospital bed .
LANG_ENG Get notified when adidas-slopestyle adds new stuff .
LANG_ENG We take pride and pleasure in providing a highly professional but personalised service , and in offering an ambience that &apos;s uniquely unforgettable .
LANG_ENG Elections do occur in the Arab world , and they vary in frequency and significance .
LANG_ENG Given the developments that we have recently observed , the Member States and the members of the Council itself do not have a serious view of the Council .
LANG_ENG The better the input , the better the final result .
LANG_ENG As the second reading agreement on 99% of the text has been maintained , I shall just summarise the aspects that we made our priority .
LANG_ENG However , you may obtain further information about jobs and careers within the World of TUI here .
LANG_ENG One key area of concern for these Southern African Customs Union (SACU) countries is the loss of customs revenue , as Mrs Kinnock has said .
LANG_ENG So progress has been made with regard to Croatia , as Mr Poręba has emphasised .
LANG_ENG At the same time it has integrated the EMC Documentum system for internal company content management .
LANG_ENG Labelling is an area where it is easy to deceive the consumer .
LANG_ENG This is not simply a crisis in farming but a wasteland of failed businesses and job losses in tourism , transport and in other sectors .
LANG_ENG St. Vitus Cathedral is the largest and the most important temple in ...
LANG_ENG It was certainly not a genuine exercise to draft a new constitution and was far from inclusive .
LANG_ENG One cannot do anything but simply be enchanted with this pure beauty .
LANG_ENG First of all , the importance of the European Parliament actively participating in allocating projects for new energy links , in particular between Member States &apos; gas and energy supply networks , has been noted .
LANG_ENG Choose and discard X cards: Return X target cards in your graveyard to your hand .
LANG_ENG This is unparliamentary behaviour .
LANG_ENG As the moon rises our boat remains here to later take us near the erupting vent of Anak Krakatau .
LANG_ENG It is common to find millions of applications that bring the possibility of performing radio streaming on the Internet ,; this means , utilities that are capable of broadcasting radio stations through their graphical environment .
LANG_ENG The summit has made it clear that the missile defence system , which is now safeguarding the whole of Europe as part of a joint NATO project , is an important step towards further cooperation .
LANG_ENG There are no agreements on external border controls .
LANG_ENG Rescue mode should be used with great care when software RAID arrays were in use on the system to rescue .
LANG_ENG When would you like to stay at the Vivahotel Pitti Palace al Ponte Vecchio ?
LANG_ENG The Mediterranean is light , is pleasure , is culture , is people , is everything that you can wish , is even more than this .
LANG_ENG European regulation is in my view absolutely essential for the period in which the European postal businesses are negotiating over the problem of terminal dues .
LANG_ENG A muscle kid , a boy next door , a Latin stud , a tatooed homeboy ...
LANG_ENG On that violent night City Hall was converted it into an &quot; Autonomous Municipality .
LANG_ENG This is revealed not only by the earnings gap between men and women .
LANG_ENG Quality wise cold foil can not out perform hot foil but the costs are lower .
LANG_ENG From the beginning of the programmes for 2007-2013 to the beginning of March 2009 , nearly 8 400 agreements on financial support were signed , concerning total expenditure of PLN 15.4 billion .
LANG_ENG The non-intrusive nature of the government is appreciated: people eagerly engage in their private affairs - with little regard for the political realm , which they have willingly abandoned .
LANG_ENG However , it is important to explain that the monetary union is a community power .
LANG_ENG Chapter 23 has throughout been the subject of the special attention of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (ALDE).
LANG_ENG It has a fine selection of western foods (a superb Club Sandwich) and Arabic foods (cous cous and kebabs).
LANG_ENG I am a big fan of Art which I have always enjoyed , so it was a pleasure for me to be given the opportunity by " Kith &amp; Kids " to paint a picture for them .
LANG_ENG Note: socket _ read () returns a zero length string (&quot; &quot;) when there is no more data to read .
LANG_ENG We have 3 HQ episode stills for Supernatural episode # 5.09 .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Mr Napolitano has hit the nail on the head on this issue .
LANG_ENG Just as in the case of Windows Live Messenger , including Google Talk , you can use a simple trick that allows the execution ...
LANG_ENG Madam President , honourable Members , allow me , at this point , to make a brief comment on behalf of the Council and express how very depressing this topic is for all of us .
LANG_ENG The 1 st floor &apos;s rooms have been recently renovated and offer balcony , ceiling ventilator , new bathroom with hairdryer and shower box .
LANG_ENG Secondly , there will be an increase in intensive livestock farming , with all its adverse effects on the environment , and the third effect concerns methane production , as most of the meat will be beef .
LANG_ENG Extensive expert advice and application tests free of charge on the h / p / cosmos booth were accepted very well .
LANG_ENG At least half of these pieces should be chosen from the Lied compositions of G. Mahler and H. Wolf , preferably pieces with different character . The other pieces can be selected freely .
LANG_ENG Everything you need to know about migration to the current version 3 for Unix can be found at &quot; Upgrade to Avira Unix products version 3 &quot; .
LANG_ENG TOPAZ Archive: 15 , 14 , 13 , 12 , ...
LANG_ENG FileAlyzer can display plain text as well as text in the Rich Text Format (files with the extension .rtf).
LANG_ENG A lot of rooms have radio and balcony .
LANG_ENG Mr President , it is true that the accessions of Romania and Bulgaria should not fall victim to the new climate of crisis and fatigue amongst the citizens demonstrated by the failures relating to the Constitutional Treaty .
LANG_ENG Nonetheless , numerous common messages emerged from these different perceptions .
LANG_ENG That concludes this item .
LANG_ENG We have heard about some of these , the usual ones that former Communist states have had to cope with: corruption , criminality , abuses in the administration of justice , a not particularly efficient public service , and the like .
LANG_ENG B5-0783 / 2001 by McKenna and Lagendijk , on behalf of the Greens / European Free Alliance Group ,
LANG_ENG At the end of this massacre , Nyiramasuhuko reportedly went to an encampment where a group of Interahamwe were holding prisoner some 70 Tutsi women and young girls .
LANG_ENG There is a clear variation between Member States in terms of the quality and supply of their provision , rates of enrolment , approach to services , governance of services , and so on .
LANG_ENG Zócalo continued to remain the center , but gained an increasingly symbolic significance .
LANG_ENG We expect you to guarantee that such small manufacturers are protected from those who wish to deny them access to the market .
LANG_ENG That needs to change if major vulnerabilities are to be addressed successfully .
LANG_ENG In my opinion , cooperation between Member States to increase safety in civil aviation is an important precaution due to the growth of air travel .
LANG_ENG " Austria set out to give the EU new momentum during its Presidency .
LANG_ENG I believe that President Obama &apos;s decision is a good one and that it will help to restore the credibility of the United States of America and of the Western world as a whole .
LANG_ENG Therefore , if we want to prevent rampant separatism , we must begin a new approach , a European approach reconciling individual beliefs with self-determination and territorial integrity .
LANG_ENG Finally , in the context of this debate , it underlines the need for improved corporate social responsibility .
LANG_ENG These are Amendments Nos 7 , 9 , 15 , 18 , 19 , 24 , 50 , 56 , 60 and 61 , which we accept either in part , in principle or in full .
LANG_ENG I doubt that this package will satisfy the demands of some of the fishing sector , especially if fuel prices remain high and we still have excess capacity .
LANG_ENG In Pakistan people are being sentenced to death for belonging to a religion .
LANG_ENG Just in time for the start of this year " s peak season , arvato digital services is announcing the expansion of its Blu ray capacities to ...
LANG_ENG Wrote a lot about landing pages , wherever possible , all the places listed more or less the same , the scheme such as a method of psychology .
LANG_ENG We want , as far as products are concerned , regulations that are very clear for businesses , whereby their teams who work on products can get on with the job of producing brilliant designs and high-quality and safe products .
LANG_ENG We are most grateful that you visited our website .
LANG_ENG Combining a sense of style and comfort , a real wood floor creates a lasting impression .
LANG_ENG The third reason is that those Member States which have transposed the directive have gone about the designation of sensitive areas in very different ways .
LANG_ENG We can &apos;t guarantee it , but we can guarantee that it is easy to transfer these dreamy landscape photos (greeting cards from Otto Jaennis , Artea Verlag) onto fabric , with the help of transfer paste (Pidy Transfercolour from Sambra)!
LANG_ENG The security of electronic networks and computerised systems along with technologies for enhancing personal data protection are the main concern of the Strategy for a Safe Information Society , adopted by the Commission in 2006 .
LANG_ENG Hotel Gela is situated in the centre of Gela (District Smolyan), only 18 km from the famous ski resort Pamporovo , at the foothills of the highest Rhodope peak Perelik (2191m).
LANG_ENG We think this type of issue is better dealt with at national level .
LANG_ENG While they are waiting for customers &quot; they talk about their mountain bikes &quot; , explains Dirk .
LANG_ENG There was broad agreement on the need to support President Abbas and his new government led by Prime Minister Fayyad .
LANG_ENG We should demonstrate that Europe exerts itself on specific concerns and delivers exceptionally well on them .
LANG_ENG I reiterate that now because the ECSC continued to be of excellent service to us in recent years , no cofinancing is needed and the system of financing could in any case have been adapted .
LANG_ENG Frankie shows Kira to the countroom , where large amounts of cash are accumulated and stored in the safe .
LANG_ENG The incoming government has many challenges to face , including awaiting the results of the second banking stress test due at the end of the month so that we will finally know the extent of the problem .
LANG_ENG We rely on your donations to tell Rotary &apos;s story .
LANG_ENG From our beautiful restaurant , you have a super view towards the Westerschelde , while you are enjoying the fine dishes prepared by our kitchen staff .
LANG_ENG It supports the calls on FIFA and the sporting goods companies to make sure that no children are employed in the production of FIFA licensed sportswear and footballs .
LANG_ENG Deskom renew its sponsorship of the " Forum de la dematerialisation " last June , 17th and 18th .
LANG_ENG I welcome the fact that the Convention recognises the distinctive nature of cultural goods and services as transmitters of values and identity and it establishes that they transcend their commercial dimension legitimising thus domestic and international cultural policies .
LANG_ENG Madam President , Mr Tajani said at the beginning of the debate that this sends a good signal to Europe &apos;s citizens .
LANG_ENG Improved detection and training of disabled persons , especially of children of minor age .
LANG_ENG Why not try your luck at the nearby casino , just 800 m away .
LANG_ENG 2 Verily thus saith the Lord: It is Christ .
LANG_ENG I certainly hope it will work out that way .
LANG_ENG We would do well to reflect on what all this has achieved .
LANG_ENG More money and attention was soon devoted to HIV prevention and treatment .
LANG_ENG The Unique Hotel Post is a completely renovated , traditional 4-star hotel in the centre of Zermatt furnished in a cosy and modern Mountain Lodge style .
LANG_ENG That is 3 decibels less than we are to adopt for the year 2005 tomorrow .
LANG_ENG Nonetheless , such an agreement cannot put the privacy of the transactions of natural and legal persons at risk .
LANG_ENG Tip: Due to huge list of &quot; ... memory ... &quot; related keyword pages listed on this page , use the &quot; Find in Page &quot; function below .
LANG_ENG American Roulette wheels are divided into 38 evenly spaced slots numbered 0 , 00 and 1 through 36 .
LANG_ENG Description: Dear Guests ! Welcome to Touring Hostel in Siófok , in the " capital of Hungarian summer " .
LANG_ENG Very good location just a short walk (15 mintues) to the centre of Porto .
LANG_ENG It seemed then that each of the new Member States would observe the EU &apos;s basic principles and the ban on discrimination , as well as protect and value linguistic diversity and the rights of national minorities .
LANG_ENG The H1 is a really solid , great camera .
LANG_ENG That &apos;s a broad advantage in mobile usage scenarios: On a notebook , WLAN hot spots and UMTS / 3G connectivity may be used in parallel while available .
LANG_ENG The financial perspective will be the moment of truth .
LANG_ENG It is therefore a timely debate and one which I am very pleased will take place .
LANG_ENG Recent contacts with political leaders in Kosova have made it clear to me that the young Kosovan institutions face enormous handicaps in seeking to pursue a real and effective policy , not least on the socio-economic front .
LANG_ENG I &apos;ll try to help on both sides .
LANG_ENG All components required for operation have been combined in a shapely housing: rectifier , inverter and break circuit .
LANG_ENG But , in their laudable desire to distance themselves as much as possible from those atrocities , Germany " s legislators have enacted a law that makes it a crime to use modern science to avoid undoubted human tragedies .
LANG_ENG PT: Actually , yes , I &apos;m in some 3D projects , and I must say that the first shooting I did in this format began in 2000 .
LANG_ENG You might even think you &apos;re on the french riviera .
LANG_ENG Furthermore , there are some facilities operating only for part of the working day , which restricts parents &apos; access to the labour market .
LANG_ENG The busts of the 15th Century-built baroque St. Nicholas Church with its 55 m high , baroque bell tower showing whom the town with the most sun hours pe ...
LANG_ENG From the very beginning there was a hospital in the Stalag Bergen-Belsen established in the huts of the former workers &apos; camp .
LANG_ENG There are two railway stations: the smaller station &apos; Mechelen Nekkerspoel &apos; and the central station &apos; Mechelen &apos; .
LANG_ENG 1152206 - Pretty terraced in quiet area .
LANG_ENG We offer to prepare " Party Packages " - tailored service packages for different events to minimize your effort as to choice of services and organizing the event itself .
LANG_ENG We do not have any specific statistics on the impact of the American measures in each Member State , since this is managed at Union level and since our partners in dialogue are the steel companies , most of which are now based in several European countries .
LANG_ENG Near highways in the village center and close to supermarkets .
LANG_ENG You might want to check this with the List Parts function .
LANG_ENG An exceptional and popular hotel situated in the heart of Kato Paphos across the road from the beach , close to shops , restaurants and places of interest .
LANG_ENG Having drawn approximately 8,000 attendees and 130 exhibitors from ten countries , hybridica enjoyed a successful premiere .
LANG_ENG After the vote on Amendment No 165
LANG_ENG In the United States of America , wind and water brought a tenth of oil refining activity to a halt , but the price rose by 40% .
LANG_ENG Automation of folding for office use through the introduction of the A4-folder trendFOLD and the A3-machine smartFOLD .
LANG_ENG Use our simple form to submit your technical support requests online .
LANG_ENG The EU has legislation in place enabling cross-border claims and the mutual recognition of national courts &apos; judgments , including the Brussels I Regulation , the European Enforcement Order , the European small claims procedure and the order for payment procedure .
LANG_ENG And so we come to the problem: the communication from the Commission .
LANG_ENG The Taliban , who demanded to be left alone in exchange for staying out of politics , were driven into Pakistan , where they reconvened .
LANG_ENG In order to forget this as soon as possible , we are willing to show our generosity by tossing a few bags of ecus to the main victims , that is , the unfortunate fishermen and owners of vessels .
LANG_ENG British Airways shall not be liable for any Loss suffered by a Member and / or traveller as a result of their failure to arrange the above .
LANG_ENG There is an imbalance here .
LANG_ENG At the bottom please find some further information about the approval procedure and nessessary documents .
LANG_ENG It is especially important to promote sustainable tourism and improve conditions for the growth of environmental and cultural tourism .
LANG_ENG Who could possibly be opposed to something so nice ?
LANG_ENG And now , the snow has fallen in recent days and has covered everything .
LANG_ENG For take-offs , the procedures differ depending on the portion of the take-off during which noise is to be reduced .
LANG_ENG Although perhaps unfeasible , it enjoys enormous support , and I find the resistance of the Council and the Commission to discussion of this tax staggering .
LANG_ENG  (NL) Thank you , Madam President , I would also refer to my report and would like to specifically emphasise two points .
LANG_ENG This would also allow us to spend the money in a more targeted way .
LANG_ENG Numerous winter hiking opportunities (also with Nordic Walking signposting) and the sledging track , thanks to its always well-maintained condition , are very popular .
LANG_ENG And while the parents swish down the pistes , the little ones are looked after in King Laurin &apos;s Kinderland with a snow playground , or on the King Laurin kiddie ski tour .
LANG_ENG We must all remember that what we have here is a reform treaty and an amending treaty that will ensure that an EU of 27 can work effectively and , more importantly , work closely with the citizens of the European Union .
LANG_ENG We often hide behind structural deficiencies and I would certainly acknowledge that there are structural deficiencies , not least the requirement for unanimity .
LANG_ENG I think that , on the contrary , every effort needs to be made to restore confidence between the European Union and the developing countries .
LANG_ENG Does the Commission have any idea ?
LANG_ENG The gluing of the ears should last until approximately 8-10 months , depending on each particular case (on request).
LANG_ENG After matriculating , he started to study for a B.A. at the Fort Hare University , where he met Oliver Tambo , and the two became lifelong friends and colleagues .
LANG_ENG This European authority for financial markets will be set up on 1 January 2011 and will deliver , under strict conditions , a &apos; passport &apos; permitting the activity of managers of alternative funds located in the European Union .
LANG_ENG Transpneumatics Co. is ready to fabricate hydraulic dampers with any types of bearings and any characteristics under additional agreement with the customer .
LANG_ENG The EU materials and the annotations made by the contributors to this Database are also provided in these three languages (or - as translation works are still pending - will soon be provided in all of these languages).
LANG_ENG - Mr President , the fact is , then , that Syngenta has been bringing genetically-modified maize into Europe for several years - whether mistakenly or deliberately cannot be determined .
LANG_ENG Transferring the level of an art space like the Secession onto the museum plane is in my opinion not a very promising endeavor .
LANG_ENG These include specific , individualized measures such as guidance for team or change processes , coaching , in-house seminars and external workshops .
LANG_ENG Guinea is in complete decline .
LANG_ENG nicetobook is the best place to make a Hotel reservation , here you can easily find the best rates , without an additional cost .
LANG_ENG If you click on this link , a new search with this position is started; all shown distances are then related to the chosen marina position .
LANG_ENG Ideas about creating ad hoc coalitions of countries as possible substitutes for a common security and defence policy are dangerous , in my opinion , as no European state in the 21st century has a real chance of being a significant player in the area of security and defence .
LANG_ENG We believe that , in the cases where it is established that there is a major problem , these must also be followed up with actual action plans .
LANG_ENG Surely , ad hoc tribunals such as those in former Yugoslavia or Rwanda are a much better solution .
LANG_ENG It is in everyone &apos;s interest that a transitional system enters into force by Christmas .
LANG_ENG It is a shameless agenda of expansionism which drives the EU in wanting to encompass Turkey .
LANG_ENG This picturesque peninsula offers a variety of sporting possibilities , such as hiking , biking , golf and water sports , all within 10 km from the hotel .
LANG_ENG AEG Power Solutions: more than a century of innovation and customer service .
LANG_ENG It is crucial that we have uniform European standards , since rivers cross borders and cyanide is , of course , also an environmental hazard that crosses borders .
LANG_ENG There are some free tools available that can show you how often people search for your keywords or phrases .
LANG_ENG The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) created Teaching Copyright curriculum and website to help educators give students the real story about their digital rights and responsibilities on the Internet and beyond .
LANG_ENG Have a look at Karel Gott " s photographs documenting his stay in the USA (New York + Chicago - New York) on September 11 - 12 , 2009 .
LANG_ENG I am already anticipating Minister Zalm &apos; s criticism that another parliament building is surely a pure waste of money .
LANG_ENG We have few historic moments to celebrate , but we had a great many practical and difficult tasks to accomplish .
LANG_ENG Indeed , the Union for Europe Group cannot accept the manner in which the Commission has interpreted the content of the GATT agreements .
LANG_ENG Are we soon to see taxes being shifted from products or income to the use of raw materials ?
LANG_ENG Diverse activities are carried out within the partnerships throughout the year in order to stimulate the collaboration in the fields of business and research .
LANG_ENG Our guests can enjoy an optimal user-friendly Internet site offering a broad overview and allowing them to choose from among their favourite unique hotels .
LANG_ENG It tells us that implementing a tax at European level alone would be disastrous for our financial sector .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Commissioner .
LANG_ENG For Radio and TV transmissions or recordings of the different stages , candidates have no right to claim fees and must consent to any broadcastings and recordings .
LANG_ENG Maastricht recognizes the significance of culture in clause 128 but for millions of Europeans sport is more important .
LANG_ENG Run by successive generations of the Janinet family for 43 years , the hotel offers a warm , family atmosphere .
LANG_ENG Each country has vastly different interests .
LANG_ENG I don &apos;t do long tours with the band , so I don &apos;t get bored usually .
LANG_ENG Formal education was almost at a total standstill; millions were illiterate and uneducated .
LANG_ENG Make sure the paper feeds correctly into the All-In-One .
LANG_ENG The Belgians did that exceptionally well and have given an example to other countries of how to do so in future .
LANG_ENG I agree with the rapporteur &apos;s call for all EU Member States to begin the process of ratifying the Stabilisation and Association Agreement with Serbia .
LANG_ENG Depending on the OS name it will find out which binaries to use .
LANG_ENG in writing . - (PL) I would like to express my thanks to Mr Marcin Libicki , Chairman of the European Parliament &apos;s Committee on Petitions , for working on a subject that has aroused a great deal of anxiety .
LANG_ENG In the center of the summit caldera is a small , steep-sided cone composed primarily of decomposed lava bombs and a large deposit of anorthoclase crystals . It is within this summit cone that the active lava lake continuously degasses .
LANG_ENG I appreciate that it is difficult precisely to define the EU &apos;s role in the reconstruction until UN decisions have made matters clear .
LANG_ENG As far as amendments to my report are concerned , I do not support either of the two amendments that have been tabled .
LANG_ENG The 2009 vintage was aged in a stainless steel tank and reveals a fine bouquet of pineapple and banana .
LANG_ENG You can also see native people on makeshift canoes swimming and fishing along the New River . As you travel further down the river you pass many Menonite villages that have been there since the 1700 &apos;s .
LANG_ENG The history of the market dates back to the Bronze Age and Celtic times .
LANG_ENG The end is development of the ACP economies and poverty reduction for the poorest people in those countries .
LANG_ENG I do not know whether you are a romantic or not , Mr Prodi .
LANG_ENG This page was last modified 09: 00 , 15 December 2008 by Red _ marquis .
LANG_ENG 7 And we did take our tents and whatsoever things were possible for us , and did journey in the wilderness for the space of many days .
LANG_ENG We ask the Commission to make the necessary resources available so that the referendum can be guaranteed and the humanitarian aid continued .
LANG_ENG Lwaxana mentioned her daughter while talking to Constable Odo aboard Deep Space 9 in 2369 and remembered her experiences with DaiMon Tog .
LANG_ENG If it is possible to fix the problem , and the package maintainer or someone else provides correct updated packages , then the security team will generally process them and release an advisory .
LANG_ENG In the last few years , more and more professional athletes have showed interest in Fuerteventura .
LANG_ENG Hopefully , we will be able to draw up a common effective programme which makes the Union even better equipped to prevent conflicts around the world .
LANG_ENG This page was last modified 22: 14 , 17 November 2009 by Red _ marquis .
LANG_ENG The working spectrum is getting enlarged by the department Blech Tech with metal-sheet processing for front covering , job-work and building component manufacturing .
LANG_ENG There will be no change either for the &apos; pre-in &apos; or for the candidate countries .
LANG_ENG Subscribe to our Newsletter for free !
LANG_ENG The hotel is also within walking distance of the city " s financial district and Stock Exchange .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I would like to emphasise a few points about groundwater which we have to keep in mind , even at this stage .
LANG_ENG If you have any questions , our specialists will be happy to offer you further assistance .
LANG_ENG Your continued use of the Products after expiry of the 30-day period shall constitute Your acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of the revised version of the Terms of Service .
LANG_ENG This certainly enhances the incomes of some bloggers , but this behavior suggests that only income generating really interested .
LANG_ENG The aim is to harmonise the rules governing the visa policy of the Member States .
LANG_ENG Falric and Marwyn: Captains for Arthas Menethil in life , Scourge commanders for the Lich King in death , Falric and Marwyn will be summoned to the Halls of Reflection for one purpose: destroying all intruders .
LANG_ENG You know how much importance I have attached to the fight for jobs ever since the start of my mandate .
LANG_ENG Placed in the heart of Manhattan , near the Empire State Building and Times Square , this design hotel offers comfortable guestrooms with contemporary amenities and a unique on-site restaurant .
LANG_ENG The Commission has not denied these reports .
LANG_ENG We are doing so in the wake of a tragic and terrifying border incident .
LANG_ENG Even Microsoft PowerPoint ® does not provide the possibility of switching on and off selected presentations automatically .
LANG_ENG It has become clear from Eurojust &apos;s experience that its operational efficiency needs to be improved by ensuring that its National Members have equivalent status .
LANG_ENG -Yes , we have two guys who care experts that .
LANG_ENG The third change makes it possible for pole-and-line tuna vessels and surface longliners to obtain quarterly licences instead of the 12-month licences previously provided for .
LANG_ENG For example , rich countries should reduce agricultural subsidies and open up their markets more to Third World food exports .
LANG_ENG Like their counterparts in the north , they would still be socially committed , but mindful of their stock options , as they bored their children with stories of the &quot; I was at Woodstock &quot; variety .
LANG_ENG Is the correct Schweigler only written with &quot; ei &quot; ?
LANG_ENG Our mountain hut has 8 double rooms , 1 room with three beds and 30 places in dormitory , all equipped with duvets and pillows .
LANG_ENG This is the double zero tolerance which I believe is the essence of Mr Parish &apos;s proposal .
LANG_ENG More important is the maximum level of quality , convenience and safety .
LANG_ENG Welcome to Lido degli Estensi , one of the most scenic locations on the Adriatic Riviera .
LANG_ENG It is also accepted for admission to all the other segments of Sigma Society .
LANG_ENG Impressive chalet on a 500 m ² plot , with 470 m ² surface constructed in two levels and basement .
LANG_ENG As you see: the perfect virus scanner does not exist !
LANG_ENG Mr President , if we are here debating how long the current scheme of generalised tariff preferences (GSP) will be in force , it is because the Commission has failed in its obligation to table the proposed substantive revision of this scheme within the proper timeframe .
LANG_ENG In its approach towards Russia , the European Union must try to strike a balance between those values and interests , one that will , at the same time , enable us to have a positive bearing on Russia " s internal developments .
LANG_ENG If you are working with CityDesk you can download the archive file cityd-search.zip .
LANG_ENG During the Dolomiti Balloonfestival 2011 every child hast he possibility to take part oft he world oft he balloons .
LANG_ENG Gentle stroke that lets the ball roll across the green towards or into a hole .
LANG_ENG Mr President , congratulations to Parliament for also voting in favour of keeping derogations regarding the importing of alcoholic products and the continued application of excise duty payments .
LANG_ENG When would you like to stay at the Grand Hotel Baglioni ?
LANG_ENG The intention behind an act is one thing , the practice that it brings about quite another .
LANG_ENG - Recently , there have been conflicting reports about what sort of cooperation we have with Libya regarding illegal immigration .
LANG_ENG Submitted by Anonymous (not verified) on March 15 , 2007 - 16: 42 .
LANG_ENG Another modern Russian , and indeed European , hero is Shurshadze , formerly called Shurshin , a young student from St Petersburg about whom I read in the press .
LANG_ENG In Ecuador the growers get $ 3-4 a box which is then resold at $ 22-23 .
LANG_ENG Here you can find information about the ancient art of the search for the truffle , which has been handed down in our family for four generations and today it has been entrusted to my care .
LANG_ENG In the village of La Bastide-Puylaurent , you will find a pharmacy , a bazaar , a bakery , a grocery , a butcher , a mechanic and a post office .
LANG_ENG Our many years of experience in marketing flowers have facilitated the successful introduction of our roses in more than 30 different countries .
LANG_ENG It is bad enough to be an accident victim in another Member State .
LANG_ENG One of the most important aspects of the report , from a purely economic perspective , is that all forms of transport will be needed in the future , for both passengers and goods , in order to provide the necessary level of mobility .
LANG_ENG In that sense , I would make an urgent appeal to the Commission to do something about this .
LANG_ENG Situated in the Bahnhofstrasse , at the heart of car-free Zermatt , the Seiler Hotel Schweizerhof offers you a charmingly rustic and sportive atmosphere .
LANG_ENG The value of the Footprint as a trusted sustainability metric therefore depends not only on the scientific integrity of the methodology , but also on consistent and transparent presentation of results across analyses .
LANG_ENG It has highlighted the position of the preliminary question in the European system and the need to step up training in Community law within the Member States .
LANG_ENG The amendment seeks to correct this .
LANG_ENG Murter island was inhabited in the ancient times and in the times of Ilyrians .
LANG_ENG Nevertheless it is a fact that the Sudanese commander has supplied Kony with massive amounts of arms , which has enabled him to carry out the recent abductions .
LANG_ENG This will focus on security sector reform - including the fight against drugs that I mentioned earlier - and the enhancement of the national sovereign institutions .
LANG_ENG If you are drinking with Vietnamese people it is considered polite to top up their beer / ice before re-filling your own drink .
LANG_ENG Today &apos;s amendments restore the balance , and so long as they are maintained the report &apos;s timid measures are better than nothing and deserve our support .
LANG_ENG Several hundred thousand people visit it every year .
LANG_ENG Mrs Rosa Díez González spoke of the Spanish Presidency &apos;s drum roll .
LANG_ENG Madam President , we should once again wholeheartedly thank the French Presidency , which made great progress on the question of asylum when it brought about adoption of the European Pact on Immigration and Asylum by the Council in October of last year .
LANG_ENG It is not about people smuggling or about prostitution per se . It is about trafficking in human beings where early identification of the victim is of primary importance .
LANG_ENG In addition , each Member State is free to select its air navigation providers , and the regulation must provide for cases where public or private businesses concern missions of general interest .
LANG_ENG Up to 4 players are shown in the upper third of the display; the name of the current player is indicated .
LANG_ENG Therefore , the rapporteur &apos;s request for an increased budget is in line with the observations made by the Commission , especially if we bear in mind the expected increase in work in this field , following the accession of the candidate countries .
LANG_ENG The latest A321 contract increases the total number of orders placed by Vietnam Airlines for the type to 41 , of which 14 have already been delivered .
LANG_ENG Information of the pcb design , which is electrically relevant like tracks , pads , vias , nets and the board stack-up are not taken into account within IDF .
LANG_ENG The hotel offers 25 rooms with an accommodation capacity of 45 beds . We have single rooms , double rooms as well as DELUXE rooms available .
LANG_ENG Using Huck fasteners allows the use of pre-cut and readily finished parts increasing the production speed .
LANG_ENG  (DE) Mr President , Mrs Rapti , yes , that is possible , because , of course , an overlap has emerged in the meantime between the actual areas of work .
LANG_ENG This must not happen: this instrument is supposed to be independent of host-country control .
LANG_ENG Welcome on the Website of the SFPL ...
LANG_ENG Can we count on our ESDP , not only to fulfil the Petersberg tasks , but also to combat terrorism ?
LANG_ENG We neither can nor should get rid of our nuclear weapons , which form a part of NATO " s defence strategy and which are one of the reasons why the Cold War remained cold .
LANG_ENG The EURES adviser can help national and European institutions to be informed as quickly as possible about obstacles to mobility .
LANG_ENG And then there are the dollar bananas from Central America which the Germans particularly like .
LANG_ENG Members of Parliament , the proposal for closer cooperation between the Commission and the European Parliament to promote the strategy for the European policy has once again been reiterated .
LANG_ENG A second signal could concern the plan to set up holding centres for refugees and migrants on the southern shore of the Mediterranean or in other countries outside the Union .
LANG_ENG We are attacking again .
LANG_ENG This issue was discussed at the Ecofin Council on 8 November and will be discussed again on 6 December .
LANG_ENG This page was last modified 18: 26 , 19 November 2009 by gautam .
LANG_ENG ) input to the drilling class prompt can be used to refrain from any drilling class assignment (this is the default for drill hole definitions).
LANG_ENG to close the connection , as shown in Example 5.2 .
LANG_ENG Franck is responsible for managing the Zero 88 dealer network across Northern and Eastern Europe .
LANG_ENG What is more , I also had problems obtaining a seat at all on a flight to Strasbourg .
LANG_ENG Of particular importance is the committee &apos;s proposing that the scope of the directive be extended beyond the requirements of the Geneva Convention .
LANG_ENG The Hotel is within 5-10 min walking distance to main train station . It &apos;s about a 20-25 min walk to the main town area to view river , sights , castle , shops etc .
LANG_ENG Without much effort for at least 10 tonnes per hectare of organic food guaranteed .
LANG_ENG HDTV: High Definition Television is a generic term for a number of television standards characterized by an increased vertical , horizontal and / or temporal resolution compared to conventional television .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I want briefly to raise two issues regarding freedom of expression .
LANG_ENG As far as our energy policy goals are concerned , we should not throw the baby out with the bathwater .
LANG_ENG It also has swimming pools , gardens , a cafeteria , restaurant and large terraces .
LANG_ENG I fully appreciate that the Commission was trying with this proposal to resolve the uncertainty which has existed since the Kalanke judgment and which in my view the Marschall judgment did nothing to dispel .
LANG_ENG Hyves provides Gentoo Linux with servers and hosting for the Bugzilla cluster .
LANG_ENG Click thumbnail to see larger photo .
LANG_ENG I think that he will continue in his role as a watchdog , or indeed a rottweiler , of the law .
LANG_ENG This documentation summarises successful projects of scientific partnerships in different research domains and countries , and shows how the results of that work have been translated into practice and how they help to shape policy .
LANG_ENG Service was efficient and staff helpful .
LANG_ENG For relaxation &quot; le Transat &quot; bar on the 8th floor with panoramic views on the city and the Alps ...
LANG_ENG The germination rate is very good: about 90% .
LANG_ENG I look forward to heaving from the Council .
LANG_ENG All of the fisheries policy which is based on the Community buying fishing rights from the poor countries of Africa is wrong .
LANG_ENG mFramework integrates information from all over the Web in a unique user experience (UX) that makes deriving true value from this information as easy as possible for the user .
LANG_ENG Furthermore , I also wish to highlight the special support of the European Council for the Brussels Process on Gibraltar .
LANG_ENG Lady Gaga love a child that ... ! !
LANG_ENG This accomodation comes fully equipped and furnished for your holiday comfort .
LANG_ENG As the graphs below plainly show , the growth trajectory miraculously reversed as soon as Obama " s term began , yielding a clear " V " pattern in 2008-09 .
LANG_ENG The Commission is a full member of the Baltic protection organisation , Helcom .
LANG_ENG It will be an important point in Europe &apos;s history .
LANG_ENG We cannot get down to such a level of detail during the first negotiations .
LANG_ENG Bush bears much responsibility for this .
LANG_ENG Mr President , my delegation voted in favour of this Commission because all along we believed this was a matter of competence of the Commissioners .
LANG_ENG Those who continue further can reach the Aşı Cove , which is much loved by Blue Cruise travellers . At these coves picnicking and swimming in off the beaten track areas is possible .
LANG_ENG Croatia has the clearest and cleanest crystal blue sea in the Mediterranean , and the island of Hvar probably the cleanest sea in Croatia .
LANG_ENG Bearing in mind the urgent need for clarity , and without any preconceived ideas , the Members of this House have tested the new Commissioners on their vision of the future and the functioning of the European Union .
LANG_ENG As you walk down the bazaar on your left there are couple of stone stores , which is the only section of original stores in the bazaar . In the past , the bazaar was covered with grape vines , protecting shoppers from the sun and the rain .
LANG_ENG Could the Council make a statement on the ongoing EU negotiations with Canada and the US regarding the transport of liquids through airports ? Is the Council confident that any outstanding problems can be resolved within a short timeframe ?
LANG_ENG The company serves digital industries and enterprise customers directly and through strategic partnerships with solutions that are proven to translate high-value , dynamic , digital information into a significant business advantage .
LANG_ENG Madam President , I first wish to thank all the people whose support has led to the adoption of this joint resolution , and also the operators of the Mochovce nuclear plant and all those NGOs which were prepared to provide us with comprehensive information in this field .
LANG_ENG What we want is to work in a target-orientated and not an expenditure-orientated manner .
LANG_ENG The agency Prolam Y &amp; R created a panel in a building of Santiago in Chile calling much attention to the message and creativity .
LANG_ENG While technically just a Chairman of Solidarity Trade Union at the time Wałęsa played a key role in Polish politics .
LANG_ENG For new start-up companies it must be considered a necessary requirement when searching professional investors .
LANG_ENG 3DOG camping insist on the experience behind the label &quot; Made in Germany &quot; .
LANG_ENG It is right that the people have the final say in deciding their own future .
LANG_ENG The new Sony CyberShot TX1 is the first digital camera to employ Sony " s new " Exmor R " back illuminated CMOS sensor technology to improve shooting in low-light scenarios , enhancing picture clarity and drastically reducing grain .
LANG_ENG This does not affect the UK and the UK applies their reduced rates through Annex H. Nevertheless , I would be disappointed if this scheme collapses .
LANG_ENG We have no means of sponsoring .
LANG_ENG British Labour Members like myself are glad to see the rapporteur stressing lifelong learning as a policy to support at EU level as our government does at home .
LANG_ENG Needless to say , comments have been made on the Commission &apos;s report .
LANG_ENG We cannot take any sabbaticals from this work for peace and prosperity that serves the fundamental interest of the European Union and its citizens .
LANG_ENG Are we going to see something similar happen to the European Union &apos;s agriculture and food industry ?
LANG_ENG I have received six motions for resolutions pursuant to Rule 40 (5) of the Rules of Procedure .
LANG_ENG Unfortunately , tax hikes have predominated in many recent European consolidations , including last week " s proposed Cyprus bailout .
LANG_ENG President of the Court of Auditors . - (DE) Mr President , allow me first of all to offer my sincere thanks for the many kind words that have been spoken about the Court of Auditors , its report and its presentation .
LANG_ENG The Hotel Hessischer Hof , opened in 1952 , is the only privately owned 5 star accommodation in Frankfurt and a member of " The Leading Hotels of the World .
LANG_ENG We offer overnight staying in Lussestova (apartment and rooms). Krossen holiday apartment , and the Camping spot .
LANG_ENG Will the Council today , with the support of my own country , Ireland , make GMOs exempt from the Aarhus Convention ?
LANG_ENG Carers are the largest workforce in Europe .
LANG_ENG Under this system , voters can only vote for political parties as a whole , and thus have no influence on the order in which candidates are elected .
LANG_ENG By renting our kayaks you can either alone or with your friend paddle across Brda , Wda , Piława , Gwda , Zbrzyca , Chocina , Słupia , Łupaw , Parsęta , Drawa , Wieprza Rurzyca and many other rivers .
LANG_ENG A moment ago , I heard Mr Pronk say that it is indeed possible that there are still a number of misunderstandings concerning amendments .
LANG_ENG For the time being , I refuse to endorse the wild liberalisation plans that are now before us .
LANG_ENG This is certainly a very sound reminder at a time when the European Union is itself becoming the world " s leading host for flags of convenience .
LANG_ENG International competition for investors is brutal , so waiting for them to fall from the sky is not an option .
LANG_ENG February 11 - CIA Domestic Operations Division is created .
LANG_ENG WASHINGTON , DC - Rearranging the deck chairs would not have saved the Titanic .
LANG_ENG A great idea: all wines are available in half-bottles: the solution ?
LANG_ENG For instance , one Book could be excluded from all Display Uses and another could be excluded from only Snippet Use .
LANG_ENG However , I must point out that there are some elements of this report which I do not support .
LANG_ENG The new " Unterstellbahn " (cable car) takes you to the Meraner ridge path , right in the middle of the Texel group nature reserve !
LANG_ENG The hotel resides on Athenas Street , facing Kotzia Square and conveniently located next to the city hall , 3 blocks from the Metro station .
LANG_ENG Ingredients: produced with the portion of the REMOLANTM hair growth remedy (for women) in accordance with the ÒÓ Ó 1960505136.002-2000 (Ukrainian technical specifications). High-quality natural fat , coconut oil , glycerin , plasticiser , and antioxidant .
LANG_ENG There has also been the matter of interchange fees , which deserves to be tackled .
LANG_ENG I very much welcome that fact .
LANG_ENG I found discrepancies in the score sheet .
LANG_ENG In 1971 , Warren Rudman , then the Attorney General of New Hampshire , selected him to be the Deputy Attorney General .
LANG_ENG This is one of the important factors we pay utmost attention .
LANG_ENG Congestion in Central Europe is also a big problem , while in the peripheral regions the worry is safeguarding links with the European markets .
LANG_ENG Yet it happened , and in a different way it is happening now in Britain .
LANG_ENG As a result , the first files were also known as CARO .
LANG_ENG Every government has the right to act within the framework set out by the Maastricht Treaty , which allows a public debt level of up to sixty percent .
LANG_ENG I had a lot of fun with one of Cam Sex Now camgirls .
LANG_ENG Every new European company law directive should help achieve the aim of harmonising employees &apos; rights and the idea of the European standard of participation , based on the new EU Reform Treaty , including the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
LANG_ENG The policy in favour of small and medium-sized enterprises is fully supported by the Europe 2020 strategy , is an integral part of many lighthouse initiatives envisaged and will be subject to a specific check when the strategy is implemented in Member States .
LANG_ENG The familial space was marked as suffused by both solidarity and a suffocatingly constrictive quality .
LANG_ENG 5.5 The rights granted to You hereunder are non-exclusive and revocable .
LANG_ENG Not included in our prices are traffic fines , petrol and tyres (blowouts) while driving on not tared roads , as the stony drive way to Papagayo Beaches - the risk is on the driver .
LANG_ENG As a token of our solidarity , we Europeans wished to support the Taiwanese people by providing disaster relief .
LANG_ENG All information provided on KIC Web sites are subject to change without notice , including the availability of products and services .
LANG_ENG Stylists , actors and reporters get together in this white blank canvas , dotted with colour from the funky green lamps .
LANG_ENG In addition to this , technologies are being developed to bring about increased safety , in some cases , or to offer greater efficiency , as in the case of renewable energies .
LANG_ENG The message from southern delegations was nevertheless loud and clear: &apos; The North must show that it is serious about Doha being a development round &apos; .
LANG_ENG Thank you for the answer .
LANG_ENG The domestic situation , the global environment , and the historical memory of its people all militate against Russia being bound to relive its own tragic history .
LANG_ENG Thank you .
LANG_ENG Most of our thermotimber applications are a result of our constant product development , which guarantees a solid experience based on practise .
LANG_ENG Enter a subject for your message .
LANG_ENG We need patents in order to protect our own companies and investments so that they can be effective global players in this fast-changing and rapidly developing software-development market .
LANG_ENG This report is very important .
LANG_ENG The author is aware of the fact that this term does not officially exist .
LANG_ENG With an international team under European management we take care of your projects with enthusiasm , devotion and strong will to supply to you an outstanding quality .
LANG_ENG In the secret one by verse , constantly spoiled Sexgirl , whose idea wealth appears to hardly exceed .
LANG_ENG We offer a wide selection of modern inflatable tents , which are sensible and necessary tools of successful events .
LANG_ENG This should serve as something of a warning to Parliament .
LANG_ENG The blocks in the building are constructed in a flat type system and the conversion of flat into Hotel .
LANG_ENG Documents and information for presentations , school lessons or lectures on Biovision or related topics .
LANG_ENG Mrs Karamanou , I can understand that you are very keen to say a great deal , but if everyone were to overrun one minute we would need a third as much time again for our debate , and we are very short of time today .
LANG_ENG If that is not possible , then I see it as a ruse to delete from the text the reduction of administrative burdens on businesses , which the Socialists , possibly , do not want it to include .
LANG_ENG Leaving politics aside , the potential stock exchange measures represent a vote of confidence in Europe , in our stock exchanges , our technological prowess and our regulatory system .
LANG_ENG Resumption of the session
LANG_ENG It &apos;s been a great decade for zanox: It was exactly ten years ago when our success story kicked-off in Berlin and soon spread all over the globe .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I should like to thank the minister for his reply; I naturally endorse the fact that the importance and value of the social partners in shaping a new model are much greater than anyone can imagine .
LANG_ENG I find it very regrettable , especially because I had sent my speech in advance .
LANG_ENG Credit where credit is due .
LANG_ENG Today it is a premiere subsidiary label of Sony BMG .
LANG_ENG Reduction for extra bed: 0 - 3 years free , 4 - 10 years 50% (special offer: free of charge during the periods A / B , for 1 child), 11-17 years 30% , over 17 years 25% .
LANG_ENG This Europe of ours will not work , and there will be no confidence that Europe does work , if we are not able to move from this type of co-ordination of inspection towards a genuine Community-wide approach to at least some aspects of food inspection .
LANG_ENG One further child from 0 to 6 years stays free of charge in an extra bed .
LANG_ENG The active participation of the Commission and the continuous coordination of the position of the 25 Member States , together with the UK Presidency , since the June Telecom Council , had a positive impact on the final agreement .
LANG_ENG Before coming to conclusions one must be very much aware of the fact that first of all , the pricing information we have is of a confidential nature .
LANG_ENG This also goes for information on , for example , what projects where are receiving what support .
LANG_ENG As I said , we are considering the possibility of using the temporary protection mechanism .
LANG_ENG prospega is your innovative partner in local Media Planning , Distribution of unaddressed Mails , Leaflets , Brochures and Samples within Germany .
LANG_ENG The situation is in fact as a number of fellow Members have described it .
LANG_ENG Mr President , a dynamic approach to acidifying emissions is required if we are to protect human health , plants and sensitive ecosystems , as well as buildings .
LANG_ENG Another issue is the set of rules for divestment .
LANG_ENG Sewing on one side of the head the ears , cheeks and eyes .
LANG_ENG However , those sanctions are not being consistently applied .
LANG_ENG During that time males live solitary lives .
LANG_ENG A signal handler race condition could potentially allow a remote attacker to crash sshd and could theoretically lead to the ability to execute arbitrary code .
LANG_ENG job offers can be published 31 days , or lengthened eventually . Information about offered product and service packages you can find in section services and pricelist .
LANG_ENG While we work well with Russia on many aspects of international relations , we need to make more progress in our cooperation in the common neighbourhood .
LANG_ENG Mrs Schaake referred yesterday to the Sakharov Prize . We must speak out in support of freedom of thought in all parts of the world and ensure that it is protected .
LANG_ENG With regard to the proposals tabled by the Commission , I would just say that these do not contain what is necessary to prevent terrorism , whose roots go much deeper .
LANG_ENG &quot; We were not meant to have such terrible things .
LANG_ENG I would also like to inform you that Mr Pino Arlacchi joined the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament with effect from 18 November 2010 .
LANG_ENG The conference format will consist of: Lectures , seminars and workshops to raise issues and questions about diversity , contradictions and potential for conflict of human coexistence .
LANG_ENG This makes it possible for the subject matter to reach a wider audience .
LANG_ENG For example , if two winners are declared , the stake shall be halved . If three winners are declared , the stake shall be divided by three .
LANG_ENG I would now like to address the President of the Commission .
LANG_ENG I sincerely believe that the goal of launching the calendar of reforms that we agreed in Lisbon has been substantially and reasonably achieved .
LANG_ENG We are not going to send the items to the teams .
LANG_ENG - It was a men &apos;s student house . Girls lived round the corner - Zbigniew Jujka says , the only motorized inhabitant of the Mewa , the owner of Jawa motorbike bought for money earned on &quot; artistic &quot; wall painting at various clubs .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I actually wanted to express my regret today that the House did not pronounce itself in favour of any provision for the needs of small businesses from the domains of primary production , processing and marketing in the general principles and requirements of food safety .
LANG_ENG  (PL) Mr President , the Lisbon Strategy sets out the aims we must achieve in the future if Europe is to be a place that fulfils its citizens &apos; desires .
LANG_ENG Employment is stimulated through proactive industrial and labour market policies .
LANG_ENG The breakthrough we have achieved with the Council and the Commission on review and expiry clauses should lead to a positive vote tomorrow , but Parliament must now be fully engaged in setting policy priorities throughout the package .
LANG_ENG Delivery to Germany and Austria only .
LANG_ENG How long does the Commission estimate that such an exercise could take ?
LANG_ENG Mr Lüttge became an MEP in 1989 and was mainly involved in transport policy .
LANG_ENG As you exit Central Station and naturally follow the stream of people towards the Dam , this 3-star hotel is just steps away , opposite the Beurs van Berlage .
LANG_ENG If you require a review copy , please contact us and provide the publisher &apos;s information (including contact information); we will look into the possibility .
LANG_ENG - Mr President , Mr Verhofstadt , some thinking is being done in Europe after all , it would appear .
LANG_ENG Some observers think that the US political backlash against foreigners " buying up America " is what will bring the current configuration of global imbalances to an end .
LANG_ENG It is essential that the common agricultural policy take appropriate action in response to climate change , promoting better resource management .
LANG_ENG I think that fines should be reasonable but , if companies are complaining about fines , then the one thing they should not do is engage in cartels .
LANG_ENG Lesser known brands can sometimes use the drivers or settings for better-known ones .
LANG_ENG This conduit will synchronize your PalmPilot ™ ™ calendar application with KOrganizer and Kontact by using Akonadi .
LANG_ENG Member States from the former Eastern bloc have a particular debt of gratitude to the United States .
LANG_ENG Our small overhead allows us to render high-quality consulting services for moderate fees . We train our staff during several years of association , always pursuing the personal and professional excellence of our employees .
LANG_ENG Fairness , environmental justice , equal rights , corporate social responsibility are subject of the seventh edition of the Timesensor .
LANG_ENG Many tourists complain about headaches , bad stomach-ache , distorted vision , two fainted and one almost died .
LANG_ENG AddressDoctor offers Software , Web Services and Online Products . All systems are available for Windows , Linux and Unix .
LANG_ENG The next item is voting time .
LANG_ENG Julian decides to accept the invitation right after two dubious contemporaries , you could label as dept-collectors , pop in for a visit and cause a gas explosion in his house .
LANG_ENG I find it undemocratic , for example , that the ECB can set the eurozone-wide inflation target unilaterally .
LANG_ENG Unfortunately , in the present dangerous climate , instead of promoting the positive aspects of immigration , the Commission is responding to a climate of fear artfully created in certain sectors .
LANG_ENG As the largest fan and blower company in the world , our focus is always on quality .
LANG_ENG First of all , I wish to thank all those Members , amounting to 30% of Parliament , who , out of respect for my country , heard the speech given by the President of Malta .
LANG_ENG The Disclosure Office of the SIX Swiss Exchange explains its practice regarding the application of individual provisions of the Stock Exchange Act &#91; pdf &#93; and the Stock Exchange Ordinance-FINMA , SESTO-FINMA &#91; pdf &#93; by means of notices .
LANG_ENG To successfully setup MailWasher you &apos;ll need your email settings .
LANG_ENG EGOSOFT and the forums &apos; crew wish you Happy Easter !
LANG_ENG Through our growing network of Partners we are able to offer IT-solutions of a high standard to SME &apos;s , Government Institutions and multi-national companies worldwide .
LANG_ENG The entire Group is committed to the principles and values in its Code of Ethics , as well as to its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) policies .
LANG_ENG Mannheim , 17 July 2007  CropEnergies AG , Mannheim , welcomed approximately 1.000 participants to its first annual general meeting since the initial public offering in September 2006 .
LANG_ENG Every resident Balakovo can beat the mayor with a club .
LANG_ENG Flexibility is a third important quality .
LANG_ENG For higher-performance requirements , consider using NI 407x PCI and PXI FlexDMM devices .
LANG_ENG On an ongoing basis , IGEFI has several open positions .
LANG_ENG ImageIron enables to very precisely capture the relevant distortion and vignetting parameters of any camera / lens combination , whether it is a consumer or a high-end camera .
LANG_ENG Through your registration as a member of easyswap , as well as by your use of easyswap , you accept without restrictions the present Terms of service and establish a convention with easyswap on the use of the website , including the conditions of exchanges .
LANG_ENG The procedures are not particularly wonderful .
LANG_ENG They wish to know and ought to know what they are buying .
LANG_ENG We must monitor these plans . We must evaluate them and do so with the aid of measurable indicators in the hands of specially appointed staff , preferably women .
LANG_ENG Interior lighting for decoration: ideas for products , materials and coatings where direct or indirect light gives rise to new forms of decoration .
LANG_ENG However , if you &apos;re building an init string , it &apos;s best to start with a simple &amp; F , and not use the " customized " form of defaults .
LANG_ENG Nor is the creation of two classes of Commissioner - with and without voting rights - ideal .
LANG_ENG The partial reaction from solid-state atomization , which removes surface dust and other residues that remain from the preceding gas nitro-carburizing step , are important to subsequent oxidation .
LANG_ENG There are still many minefields and unexploded ordnances in the Sarajevo area and its surrounding suburbs .
LANG_ENG Athens Paul , while on his second mission to Athens , preached at Mars " Hill (Areopagus) about the " unknown god " (Acts 17: 22-34).
LANG_ENG I believe that the way forward is to repeal Council Regulation (EEC) No 4056 / 86 , which would lead to lower prices and would not negatively affect carriers .
LANG_ENG bronze statue of Imre Kálmán in the music pavilion .
LANG_ENG This site is still under construction , but allready giving you a taste of what it will offer in the future .
LANG_ENG There are a number of things we will be doing .
LANG_ENG For this reason , Mr President , and on behalf of my group , I would ask that we postpone the vote on the Smet report until the services of the House clarify this situation , which we believe to be immensely serious .
LANG_ENG The Danish Social Democrats have today voted for Mr Giansily &apos;s report on currency reserves in the third stage of EMU .
LANG_ENG The PORTAGE _ NICENESS value is added to the current nice value .
LANG_ENG It puts fundamental rights in the EU under the control of the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR).
LANG_ENG Both now face major problems with disillusioned populations .
LANG_ENG Boasting an excellent location , this Berlin hotel lies directly on the banks of the river Spree , just off the Friedrichstrasse shopping street and close to the new central train station .
LANG_ENG The sound of the phone is actually very clear and less delay .
LANG_ENG Part of the stands is a kitchenette equipped with useful kitchenware .
LANG_ENG This allows you to increase the map refresh speed by up to 200% and , depending on your Internet connection , means you can significantly reduce the required download time .
LANG_ENG It seems that its out-of-ordinariness lies precisely in its preserved East European character .
LANG_ENG Brinkmanship of the sort that took place as the Wall went up is usually the product of a politician desperate to shore up his domestic position .
LANG_ENG  (LT) Rapporteur , ladies and gentlemen , I definitely agree with this initiative .
LANG_ENG This period should be tied to the objective of investment for which resources have been earmarked , and should not exceed the real life of the project and its scope .
LANG_ENG Welcome on ACORD web site which is manufacturer several types of truck bodies .
LANG_ENG As you know , the Commission - President Barroso , Commissioner Piebalgs and I - have been working both in the background and at the forefront in order to facilitate the dialogue between Ukraine and Russia .
LANG_ENG Firstly , it is already difficult enough to implement such a measure , given the diverse modes and costs of production in the current 15 Member States .
LANG_ENG It gives them more favourable treatment in the conditions for engine replacement and urges Member States to give " safety tonnage " , preferably to smaller vessels .
LANG_ENG We reccomend the AP-4 , even though there is a toll , it is much faster .
LANG_ENG Part of the Hotel Gradient , is the newly redecorated cafe-restaurant Gioia .
LANG_ENG We are thousands of people worldwide working to help you collect , manage and use digital information .
LANG_ENG Markus is an active member of two German Linux User groups: LUG Flensburg e.V.
LANG_ENG In that case we can deal now with the serious situation regarding the floods in France .
LANG_ENG Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as regular as clockwork , we make high-flown statements and condemn the violence in the Middle East .
LANG_ENG RSS &#124; Subscription &#124; Contact &#124; Imprint &#124; Copyright © by FIS Federation International de Ski .
LANG_ENG Grrrr .... I &apos;d be in Paris on 25 and 26 October ...
LANG_ENG That is also as we intended . Nevertheless , the current legal framework remains vague on whether or not it must pass on information to the institutions or persons concerned by an investigation .
LANG_ENG This page contains sub-categories and keyword pages contextually , grammatically and meaningfully related to the keyword / phrase cosmetic surgery .
LANG_ENG 30.04.2009 15: 34 &#91; Ulm &#93; The Higher Administrative Court Munich decided that the prohibition of the nazi rally by the town Neu-Ulm was not legal .
LANG_ENG The Convention did a good job .
LANG_ENG Montserrat will be highlighting tourism opportunities to arise from development of its new capital town and the launch of its newest airline at WTM .
LANG_ENG Your Apart " hotel is located in a quiet and wooded area yet only a stone &apos;s throw away from the cultural and cosmopolitan pulse of Geneva and its historical district , the UNO and other international organisations .
LANG_ENG The inefficient and corrupt governing regime led by Robert Mugabe continues to oppress the people , and harassment of political opponents , trade union activists , farmers , human rights organisations , journalists and the judiciary is still widespread .
LANG_ENG The results are clearly positive , even if many sectors would have liked more to have been achieved .
LANG_ENG One of the pools outdoor and indoor and serves with 33C temperature thermal water in both winter and summer seasons .
LANG_ENG Vostermans Ventilation is part of Vostermans Companies . Vostermans Ventilation develops , manufactures and distributes axial fans for the agricultural and industrial market worldwide .
LANG_ENG &quot; Interfering is the only way we can remain realistic .
LANG_ENG Secondly , the dispute has underlined the usefulness of the energy dialogues with Russia and Ukraine .
LANG_ENG Multi-vitamin fruit juices generally contain ten to twelve different kinds of fruit .
LANG_ENG It should be understood that books are normally offered for sale in catalogues at the prices affixed , subject to prior sale , and that payment is either due in advance , or , when satisfactory credit has been established , promptly on receipt of the goods .
LANG_ENG In order to ensure a smooth changeover to the euro and to facilitate acceptance of the coinage systems by users , easy distinction between coins through visual and tactile characteristics needed to be guaranteed .
LANG_ENG Teamwork amongst all the legal players and export control professionals in the Company is aimed at ensuring consistent and comprehensive legal processes in compliance with national requirements .
LANG_ENG One of the most important features of this was the creation of a &apos; scrapping fund &apos; , which was to start before the end of this year .
LANG_ENG 11 power circuits with thermal circuit breakers (8 A), lamp diodes display , rocker switches as well as 5 additional thermal circuit breakers (8 A). Voltmeter with switch over 1-0-2 , moving coil gauge , class 1,5 .
LANG_ENG Basel is a very hectic city during the large international fairs .
LANG_ENG Conversely , you can remove icon themes by highlighting them in the list and clicking remove .
LANG_ENG We want these restrictions to enter into force as quickly as possible , and we have therefore been anxious to reach a rapid agreement with the Council .
LANG_ENG The Bangkok Summit established a new comprehensive Asia-Europe partnership aimed at strengthening links with a view to promoting peace , global stability and prosperity .
LANG_ENG Decentralisation and flexibility are conspicuous by their absence .
LANG_ENG Utilization of the workshop is in a flux-controlled ISO 9001 , and complete assembly on site is the company or in collaboration with local contractors approved by the client .
LANG_ENG Closing Guantánamo is not the answer because many prisoners transferred will be tortured elsewhere .
LANG_ENG  (The acceptance of the signs has been performed by an EBRD agent - the specialized company Louis Berger).
LANG_ENG May I begin by saying that , after some hesitation , I personally , and that also goes for a large proportion of my group , and certainly for a large proportion of the Dutch CDA delegation , will support the proposal to limit tobacco advertising .
LANG_ENG However , this period won " t start before all information obligations laid down in the " Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000 &quot; . have been fulfilled .
LANG_ENG Visitors to the Hochgurgl are offered a special 3000 meter experience with a magnificent sight .
LANG_ENG The increasingly unpopular President De la Rua &apos;s stuck to his austerity program , while Argentines stopped spending and investing .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I wish to make a brief point of order .
LANG_ENG US Department of Energy offers $ 168.3 million to PV industry .
LANG_ENG In addition and as a complement to re-regulation , we need a comprehensive systemic risk monitor .
LANG_ENG We have all the more responsibility for stabilising this country and it is good to hear that relative peace has now been restored on the fifth day , including in Tanusevcí , which was temporarily occupied by UCK extremists .
LANG_ENG Customers of Nokia Siemens Networks have also profited from Adventure-based Learning ™ .
LANG_ENG They will perform various evangelistic activities , distribute brochures , videos and Bibles .
LANG_ENG Puns apart , I would like to congratulate you on your report , which is always significant for the European Union .
LANG_ENG Tourists who want to spend a Easter holiday in Bibione will not get bored , on the contrary they will find a lot of suggestions for the spare time , both with the sun and with the rain .
LANG_ENG It also ensures that European citizens become fully aware of the conditions and rules governing the intervention of diplomatic and consular authorities of the Member States of the European Union in protecting them in third countries where their State is not represented .
LANG_ENG Delingua Language Service is an international Finnish translation agency , interpreting service and language school , all under one roof .
LANG_ENG They seem to be a secondary issue when there is a major accident .
LANG_ENG I would like it to be known when they were born and what they are like , given that - and this is something I often notice - they are considered as numbers .
LANG_ENG I am as happy as a little boy on Christmas Day , because I have been working towards such openness for many years .
LANG_ENG · increasing assured warning and decision times for the launch of nuclear-armed ballistic missiles;
LANG_ENG I also believe that I should have congratulated you on your first report to this Parliament and I forgot .
LANG_ENG = = What are free formats and Open Media ?
LANG_ENG I am , moreover , convinced that Iranian civil society is capable of implementing under its own steam the reforms appropriate to a modern and developing Islamic society .
LANG_ENG Here in the European Parliament we presented an initiative last year on a Baltic Sea Strategy realised within the framework of the Northern Dimension , and now we have a special report on it .
LANG_ENG Finally , since there is no time to mention any more points , I welcome the Commission &apos;s communication and its approval by the Council .
LANG_ENG Mr President , five people , namely Thongpaseuth Keuakoun , Kamphouvieng Sisaath , Seng-Aloun Phenphanh , Bouavanh Chanhmanivong and Keochay , disappeared on 26 October 1999 and were probably imprisoned for holding a peaceful protest in Vientiane and calling for political changes in their country .
LANG_ENG Other peoples surged forward to pressure Ancaria and were ready to seize the power for themselves in order to take the place of the High Elves .
LANG_ENG I would also like to say that at international level the follow-up conference to the World Summit on the Information Society will tackle all these negative aspects of the new technologies .
LANG_ENG It is true that the European Union is partly responsible for the slowness and mismanagement of the programmes , not to mention financial corruption and inadequate supervision of the management of projects .
LANG_ENG Delaying entry into EMU could make sense if a longer wait produced more information .
LANG_ENG Following this a new peace was signed between Austria and France and in the following year the Austrian Archduchess Marie Louise married Napoleon , following his divorce of Josephine .
LANG_ENG The Treaty of Rome defines competition policy in order to eliminate any form of distortion likely to interfere with the free play of market forces .
LANG_ENG The MGI CompanyScope , a new database of all companies with revenues of $ 1 billion or more , reveals that there are about 8,000 large companies worldwide .
LANG_ENG Some distanced themselves from his own political guidelines .
LANG_ENG Neither must we forget the need for health protection to supplement the social protection offered to people who are often worn out by their state of extreme weakness .
LANG_ENG A seller placing an item at ARCADEMI submits a binding offer on this item . If you purchase the item by using the &quot; Buy &quot; -button you thereby accept the offer .
LANG_ENG This is the first time that we have been able to discuss island regions with the Council .
LANG_ENG Please contact us here for further information .
LANG_ENG The house is situated in a quiet neighborhood , only 150 m away from the sea .
LANG_ENG Although more than nine Member States have indicated their intention to establish enhanced cooperation between themselves in the area of the creation of unitary patent protection , the Commission and the Member States participating should promote the participation of as many Member States as possible .
LANG_ENG This will only work for the player , pet , party members and pets , and raid members and pets .
LANG_ENG The hotel is very centrally located but not in the very busiest areas of Barcelona .
LANG_ENG Nor do they promote the entrepreneurial creativity that we urgently need .
LANG_ENG I am distressed by something that I heard today , however , although it is something that I am unable to verify , namely , that police wages in Romania are to be cut by around a third .
LANG_ENG Mouse-click on kittens to make them jump .
LANG_ENG Since January 2001 the Commission has adopted and publicly presented - in the first instance before this House - several documents , including the one that is the subject of the report by Mr Mastorakis .
LANG_ENG This generalisation could not be further from the truth .
LANG_ENG In particular , I agree with public information on standards of water quality , to be delivered via a simple and universal system of signalling , involving symbols .
LANG_ENG Merely increasing taxes will not by itself reduce emissions .
LANG_ENG The zeal of the convert , no doubt .
LANG_ENG The only thing I dislike is that they no F &amp; B outlets or convenient store within walking distance to hotel .
LANG_ENG Enjoy a variety of sporting activities in our exclusive Blau Sport Centre .
LANG_ENG It should be noted that benzene will be the first of a longer list of carcinogenic substances to be dealt with in this manner .
LANG_ENG Heddon " s Gate is an AA two-star Country House Hotel , with a 78% merit score .
LANG_ENG If you do not have copies of the Alcoa Technical Data brochure , you may obtain copies free of charge from Alcoa Wheel Products Europe .
LANG_ENG This page contains sub-categories and keyword pages contextually , grammatically and meaningfully related to the keyword / phrase taido .
LANG_ENG Artports.com offers a package which includes four sectors: 1 .
LANG_ENG The programme must be implemented in a well-balanced fashion , in light of the new public-private approach to implementation .
LANG_ENG An important step within the process of increasing mobility is to lift the transitional restrictions affecting new Member States , as soon as possible .
LANG_ENG Generally speaking the percentage amount of additive to be added to mortar and concrete is a percentage by weight . It is very important to follow the instructions and use the exact , recommended amounts .
LANG_ENG We have been there , done that , and even have the T-shirts to prove it .
LANG_ENG First you use any program to create an interior design in one color or in black and white , then you use AKVIS Coloriage to set a color for every object and detail .
LANG_ENG Equipped with a Pratt &amp; Whitney Canada PT6A-25 , he was the evolution of the T-34A with piston engine , used by the U.S. Air Force .
LANG_ENG You need to bring your own bedsheets or you can rent them at the recption (Nok 50).
LANG_ENG The room was very comfortable , it was close to the train station and it was very moderately priced .
LANG_ENG The Commission communication on this issue is expected at the start of 2007 .
LANG_ENG It makes Parliament look a little silly if we cannot even give the company &apos;s correct name .
LANG_ENG The product has gained an excellent reputation both in civil and military aviation over the course of the decades .
LANG_ENG I would also like to thank you on behalf of the European Parliament for your excellent collaboration and constant presence , and that of your ministers , especially your European Affairs Minister , Mrs Lehtomäki .
LANG_ENG There are two ways to play this short par 4 recovery hole which offers a very reasonable birdie opportunity .
LANG_ENG do you like New Continental Hotel Plymo ... ?
LANG_ENG But the animals do not suck blood , but eat fruit Flying Foxes , although actually a saint , a popular delicacy , and will be grilled .
LANG_ENG There have been 11 negotiating sessions , which have caused disruption and turbulence .
LANG_ENG Eurex " s two parent companies , Deutsche Börse AG and SWX Swiss Exchange , provided the necessary financing in line with the economic interests of 85 and 15 percent respectively that both companies have in Eurex .
LANG_ENG Two economists , Rudiger Fahlenbrach and Rene Stulz , tested these implications by studying the CEOs of almost 100 large financial institutions from 2006 to 2008 .
LANG_ENG So I would say to Mr Kittelmann that as soon as it appears that we will not get what we want , or not likely to get it within a year , the panel can be re-convened .
LANG_ENG Within the city center electronic timetables are used . Night schedules are different .
LANG_ENG Pradollano is The skiing holiday village Nr. 1 for holidays in the Sierra Nevada .
LANG_ENG Setting up a European banking or insurance network was virtually impossible because of different regulatory requirements .
LANG_ENG Hotel 4 Vientos is obligated not to reveal your personal data to third parties .
LANG_ENG Geoff Muldaur was born and raised in Pelham , New York .
LANG_ENG The " Tools " dialog is a dockable dialog; see the section Section 2.3 , " Dialogs and Docking " for help on manipulating it .
LANG_ENG From Los Angeles to London , Seattle to Sydney - OU is now closer than ever before .
LANG_ENG This situation must not be repeated in the future .
LANG_ENG I notice that the mood in the country is far less depressed than in Austria , even though there are many who have lost out in the modernisation process .
LANG_ENG Group: Services in the outdoor advertising with application covered , illuminated publicity boards (3) Full list ...
LANG_ENG All right , it is a compromise .
LANG_ENG Should Parliament adopt the PPE and GUE / NGL proposal , it would make a nonsense of the management plan to introduce two separate tagged areas for one stock .
LANG_ENG Today we are debating the final version of this new report , which is the result of an ingenious compromise .
LANG_ENG The salary carries out calculation .
LANG_ENG For example , in order to prevent international crime , it would be preferable for the candidate countries of eastern Europe to be able to join Europol now .
LANG_ENG Everyone has heard of this fabulous strategy game where you have to survive on your own resources and to take over other countries .
LANG_ENG It is my view that if we have to harmonise - and we must have harmonisation - we should always harmonise up to the best possible standard .
LANG_ENG We also have to combat illegal immigration and strengthen our borders , whilst ensuring that we harness the benefits of legal migration for the EU and for developing countries .
LANG_ENG RWS rifle cartridges have conquered the world since their introduction to the market and are appreciated by hunters just as much as by sport shooters .
LANG_ENG The European Parliament has not been heard about this major intervention in the budget .
LANG_ENG It is surrounded by luxuriant vegetation and pine woods . Bright flowerbeds line shady avenues , leading directly to fine golden sandy beaches , washed by the shallow Adriatic sea .
LANG_ENG As a global operating business , Bohemian Dragomans can offer excellent conditions for its services: on average these remain around 25% below the established offers .
LANG_ENG Written Materials , Transparencies , Electronic Presentations , Photos , Audio Features - The PORTAL Materials on 12 crucial topics in urban transport are available in up to 16 languages .
LANG_ENG Situated in the residential area of Costa Teguise , one of the best touristic areas in Lanzarote; the own style of Las Marinas Club Resort offers to its clients the opportunity to enjoy an unforgettable holiday and live a variety of experiences .
LANG_ENG Deepstrider Tumors are now a 100% drop off Deepstrider sea giants in Desolace .
LANG_ENG This logic is just as much a part of tax fraud as it is of European neoliberalism , which is much more responsible than fraud for the failure of the Millennium Development Goals , however timorous .
LANG_ENG Company shall not be held responsible in case of complete or temporary unavailability of this website .
LANG_ENG  (SK) Cyanide extraction techniques are associated with a high risk of environmental damage and therefore also pose a threat to human life and health .
LANG_ENG Europe needs to be extremely flexible - we need flexible arrangements .
LANG_ENG a thouroughly excellent holiday , which was partially due to the fantastic apartment we stayed in .
LANG_ENG Shares in Entry Standard are insider securities . They are , thus , monitored by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) with view to the rules on insider trading and market abuse .
LANG_ENG Shopping CartYou have 3 items in your shopping cart .
LANG_ENG How do we pay for the summer camp ?
LANG_ENG All the Member States approved the Commission report and the initiatives taken or planned in this area .
LANG_ENG Two sets of trends are at work .
LANG_ENG Our strategic partnership with global prominent companies like Microsoft and IBM secure us the access to the necessary technical improvements and the relevant qualified experts .
LANG_ENG Australia does not get to Japan , Australia put in a tablespoon global problem , which Japan is one of the causes .
LANG_ENG The SEC cone appears somewhat distorted by the extreme wide angle lens .
LANG_ENG Austrian Airlines is the leading carrier in Central and Eastern Europe and the Middle East .
LANG_ENG Machaut was a priest and travelled extensively as the secretary of John , duke of Luxembourg .
LANG_ENG The Automatic Grinder AU 200 S also sparked large interest . This machine was newly developed for the grinding of equally fresh meat as well as frozen meat blocks .
LANG_ENG In this regard , the Commission has drawn up a tool kit for using the Structural Funds in order to ensure access for , and non-discrimination against , people with disabilities .
LANG_ENG The main idea behind the European Semester is very simple: to ensure the stability of economic and monetary union , we have no choice but to carry out ex-ante coordination of economic policies within the EU .
LANG_ENG Enjoy a tasty breakfast buffet in the breakfast room which is served from 07: 00-10: 00 and is included in the room rate .
LANG_ENG MGM hostel offers a vararity of accomodation for your pleasant staying at our capital city ZAGREB in CROATIA .
LANG_ENG In the playoffs , the Lakers defeated the Sacramento Kings in the first round , the Phoenix Suns in the second round , the Portland Trailblazers in the western conference finals , and the Indiana Pacers in the NBA Finals .
LANG_ENG I begin by congratulating the Committee on Transport and Tourism and their rapporteur Mr Wijsenbeek for the characteristically thoughtful and reasoned report which has been so well presented .
LANG_ENG After all , there are already products on the market that offer significantly better protection for pedestrians without jeopardising the safety of drivers or passengers .
LANG_ENG We are pleased to show you informations about the Terra Select company in a new Design . Enjoy your stay !
LANG_ENG ^ a b Mussolini: A Study In Power , Ivone Kirkpatrick , Hawthorne Books , 1964 .
LANG_ENG The decision was made to use a standard product , which is characterized by extremely high system availability and stability .
LANG_ENG Heckling
LANG_ENG June 2004 marks the operation start of a production line for large pipes of 2000mm diameter .
LANG_ENG The &quot; HTML Variable Summary &quot; (to the right of the &quot; Balloon HTML Layout &quot;), provides a list of all the variables available to insert in your HTML .
LANG_ENG My first point is that the Czech Presidency does not call for a particular change in the so-called Barcelona targets , but for the opening-up of the debate on a possible and viable revision of the targets .
LANG_ENG Thus , they duly bear in mind the interests of both the enterprises themselves and other stakeholders .
LANG_ENG ... show balloon tooltips in my delphi program ?
LANG_ENG You can rest assured that the 2009 Preliminary Draft Budget provides sufficiently detailed information from that aspect and we are prepared to provide all the information you require in your resolution .
LANG_ENG Unilateral amendments or supplements by the event organizer are invalid .
LANG_ENG The LateRooms rates for The Royal Park Hotel in London are the total price of the room and not the &apos; per person &apos; rate .
LANG_ENG Brilgar was played by Christopher Conrad .
LANG_ENG Ce moment restera � jamais grav � dans ma m � moire comme dans mon coeur ... Un grand Merci d &apos;avoir fait de moi , un r � veur pragmatique !
LANG_ENG They form part of an elaborate assemblage of border control technologies deployed by states and by the EU to select and filter the passage of migrants into and out of the European territory .
LANG_ENG The restaurant offers an extensive buffet breakfast , and for lunch or dinner , European cuisine , a wide variety of sea food and flambé dishes .
LANG_ENG MAIBACH products are made to improve safety on roads , and to protect species along the roads .
LANG_ENG It is a joint flight from an organisational point of view .
LANG_ENG  (If it regenerates , the next time it would be destroyed this turn , it isn &apos;t .
LANG_ENG The 80s and 90s are battle years for bodegas culminating in the long-cherished denomination of origin dream for the county of Binissalem .
LANG_ENG On Thursday we shall adopt a set of rules that promotes trade in goods in the internal market to best effect while at the same time - and this is so important - protecting consumers by means of better surveillance .
LANG_ENG You will be aware that , last Friday , legal proceedings were commenced against Leyla Zana , this being the third time she has faced them .
LANG_ENG production of spare part for both cars and trucks , as well as production of tanks , pools from polyester , for the market of ex-Yugoslavia .
LANG_ENG I am my group &apos;s spokesman on the design of the standard Community driving licence , and I have always supported the introduction of such a licence .
LANG_ENG So maybe it is not such a bad thing that we are now conducting this debate so close to the witching hour .
LANG_ENG Les signaux de descente seront audible en Europe sue 145.800MHz FM .
LANG_ENG Critics of free trade with China say that its political system remains authoritarian .
LANG_ENG The village of Koakin proffers hens and receives soccer balls and caps .
LANG_ENG This may also explain why markets for some assets have dried up .
LANG_ENG This is what the directive is intended to emphasize , and it also creates more clarity than the previous regulations .
LANG_ENG Can the Elephant Dance with the Dragon ?
LANG_ENG On circa 400 sqm , conference rooms for 60 people have been developed .
LANG_ENG Since VAT basically does nothing to distort competition , there is no need for full harmonization of the standard rates .
LANG_ENG We have postponed the definitive abolition of tariffs on rice , banana and sugar imports until 2010 .
LANG_ENG This range is limited to standardised and cometitive products .
LANG_ENG The expertise for this comes from within the Group &apos;s own ranks: Information Technology designs , builds and operates the technological infrastructure of Deutsche Börse and operates a total of 16 other exchanges around the world .
LANG_ENG the protection of your Internet Browser should not be very high .
LANG_ENG It can be dangerous if the router supports the &quot; Fallback-function &quot; (if dialing via DSL fails , ISDN is used) or offers fax services .
LANG_ENG Yet we have a frustration born out of the inability over the years of both railway companies and national governments to act in key areas .
LANG_ENG These disasters are clearly a wake-up call for us to take greater action .
LANG_ENG We are located in a very lively area with a wide variety of restaurants and bars to choose from .
LANG_ENG Our President has visited , Javier Solana has visited , national MPs have visited , MEPs have visited , even Tony Blair has visited .
LANG_ENG I should now like to return to the speech made by Commission President Barrosso in this Chamber , in which he clearly stated that the Union must have a strong and independent Commission .
LANG_ENG Winner is the last robot which remains on the ring .
LANG_ENG But it is not only among developing countries that links between education and growth prove elusive .
LANG_ENG Mr President , in addition to analysing the EU " s policy to date , these communications are intended to lay the basis for the Commission " s strategies to promote enterprise in developing countries and to prepare the Commission " s position on the reform of State-owned enterprises .
LANG_ENG There appeared a great iPhone app , that &quot; Air Video &quot; .
LANG_ENG Hansafilm UG explicitly states that during link generation the websites were free of illegal content .
LANG_ENG Europeans can continue to avoid responsibility for their own security , and to invoke the catechism of " NATO , the corner-stone of our security " as a substitute for serious strategic thought .
LANG_ENG The Panasonic LUMIX DMC-FX is in the first place a compact camera for ease .
LANG_ENG The exclusive VERTU Signature Cobra replica with an outrageous price tag of $ 310,000 is available at 300 times cheaper here .
LANG_ENG This is because women often fear being misunderstood by authorities and judicial bodies .
LANG_ENG First , an observatory needs to be set up on our part so that we can monitor third country subsidies and report them both to the World Trade Organisation and wherever else necessary .
LANG_ENG In the search menu on the left containing the check-in and check-out data , please select the dates of your stay and tick " Show only available hotels " .
LANG_ENG That is an impressive statistic .
LANG_ENG We face the same old frustrations , as I said in the Chamber yesterday .
LANG_ENG They are not asking for charity but they are certainly asking for solidarity , and even more so for responsibility .
LANG_ENG 0 Comments Tags: Google , Nvu , Tsimberg .
LANG_ENG These are general hotel policies for Grand Visconti Palace .
LANG_ENG So these accessories need to be sentenced , the accessories who granted Turkey candidate status , the accessories who do nothing to help the political prisoners .
LANG_ENG Commissioner , I am delighted that you have emphasised the important role of demand .
LANG_ENG Due to the higher alcohol content , this beer keeps much longer than the official guaranteed minimum storage time .
LANG_ENG The Hopfingerbräu at the Berlin Hauptbahnhof is our second restaurant which first opened its doors in May 2006 . Our popular brewery pub the &quot; Lindenbräu &quot; in the Sony Centre at the Potsdamer Platz opened already in February 2000 .
LANG_ENG It falsely raises the hopes and expectations of policyholders and has been used in a blatant political way to attack the Government .
LANG_ENG It would be naïve to imagine that these extremely important political problems are not going to be dealt with by the Intergovernmental Conference , or that that Conference will simply rubberstamp what the Convention has done .
LANG_ENG It has been clear from the outset that one of the key elements in fulfilling this objective would be the creation of an EU patent , which has been delayed for more than 30 years .
LANG_ENG I see it as desirable that we should in future deal with important legislative matters at a more appropriate time in the course of the part-session .
LANG_ENG The fissure of globalisation runs right through the EPP .
LANG_ENG In view of the 20 million unemployed and 68 million people living in poverty in the European Union as a whole , particular attention will in future also be paid to the integration of socially disadvantaged groups .
LANG_ENG The rejection of this amendment and the principles that it contains by the main political groups in Parliament merely highlights the route that they intend to follow .
LANG_ENG I too would like to welcome Nicole Péry back here in the Chamber and perhaps I could say , Nicole , that we miss you particularly when we have extremely difficult votes to transact .
LANG_ENG Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I voted in favour of this joint resolution concerning the current situation in Libya .
LANG_ENG During his 42 years in power , Qaddafi surrounded himself with advisers who were companions from his youth , supplemented by a small coterie of technocrats .
LANG_ENG Our main goal therefore is the Europe-wide organization , placement , support and implementation of host families for young people .
LANG_ENG on behalf of the IND / DEM Group . - Madam President , last week there was jubilation in some quarters over the major breakthrough in the long sought-after &apos; open skies &apos; agreement .
LANG_ENG All your non-trading related transactions like deposits and withdrawals run smooth with CKFX , allowing you to focus on improving your trading .
LANG_ENG The transport of a single piece of luggage is included in the package .
LANG_ENG Madam President , I believe that the Lisbon Summit is the first since 1999 to make a beneficial contribution in terms of a strategic vision for the Alliance .
LANG_ENG Held , who has produced famous artists like Nina Hagen , Udo Lindenberg or bands like Transvision Vamp or Killing Joke .
LANG_ENG All other trademarks , service marks , and trade names referenced in this site are the property of their respective owners .
LANG_ENG Of course , Mr Ferber , we shall certainly check this .
LANG_ENG They would not like to find themselves in some sort of new centralised organisation all over again .
LANG_ENG A special feature is a continuing cycle of lesser known works by Mendelssohn .
LANG_ENG Meeting of heads of state and government
LANG_ENG In many cases , there is only a single partition spanning the entire disk , essentially duplicating the method used before partitions .
LANG_ENG Indeed , to look at the media , one would think that there were no winners .
LANG_ENG Israel will most likely listen to America " s advice and consider a preemptive attack on Iran only after all diplomatic means have been exhausted , and after whatever sanctions are agreed upon fail to cut short Iran " s march toward possessing the bomb .
LANG_ENG However , these funds are absolutely essential to the maintenance of the crop , as long as nuts are subject to differentiated treatment within the coming reform of the COM in fruits and vegetables .
LANG_ENG I am amazed and angered that after all the recent progress in getting tobacco giants to admit that their products cause diseases such as cancer , we have a proposal to keep using public money to subsidize tobacco producers !
LANG_ENG 20 And I did rehearse unto them the words of a Isaiah , who spake b concerning the c restoration of the Jews , or of the house of Israel; and after they were restored they should no more be confounded , neither should they be scattered again .
LANG_ENG Each room is equipped with a multimedia assistant . This helps you to set up the mood in the room , call for assistance or send an email .
LANG_ENG The next item is Question Time to the Council (B5-0163 / 2001).
LANG_ENG That &apos;s why there &apos;s a tab key ! You should also pay close attention to the spacing between paragraphs .
LANG_ENG 3 . This report has not engendered such consensus and has not produced the political analysis of this issue that is required;
LANG_ENG I voted in favour because , under the agreement , cooperation is to be promoted at subregional level , thus meeting the European objective of strengthening regional fisheries management organisations and , in that way , fostering fisheries governance .
LANG_ENG The setup includes user manuals and sample applications .
LANG_ENG To Pian di Novello , the Hotel ALPINE Restaurant attends You with its simple rich kitchen of tastes and sapori of a time .
LANG_ENG Attaching importance to high quality of final product , we use only polish and European elements to manufacturing our goods .
LANG_ENG This begins with modifying - translating the original text .
LANG_ENG The eighty rooms provide all facilities and comfort you may need . The hotel has its own cafe- the St. Jacobsstreet Cafe .
LANG_ENG It is for that reason that we want to have parliamentary control .
LANG_ENG If ETA refuses to renounce violence , we shall refuse to renounce the law and dialogue , which are our weapons .
LANG_ENG This will happen in the near future thanks to a new act which has now been promised .
LANG_ENG As they are very different from each other , the fund ends up reproducing the obvious inequalities among our own distribution systems .
LANG_ENG Heinz-Harald Frentzen at 15-February-1999 on meaning of laptimes at preseasonal tests .
LANG_ENG It is , I believe , an initiative which once again shows far-sightedness and which attempts to solve problems which we all know lie ahead before they even arise .
LANG_ENG 70 - LOUIS XIV - MAZARIN , End of the Thirty year old war .
LANG_ENG Can the Loungepillow be delivered to a different address than my own (as a present or surprise)?
LANG_ENG in writing . - I voted for this report .
LANG_ENG Being able to teach something different , more innovative and above all , more free , that could bridge the digital divide , reduce piracy and eliminating computer viruses , that are taught to use proprietary software tools .
LANG_ENG Made a game reserve in 1921 and a national park since 1951 , Serengeti National Park is the largest park in Tanzania and one of the most famous in the world .
LANG_ENG The European Union is responsible for around 14% of these emissions , the highest per capita quota in the world .
LANG_ENG This brutal monstertoy spreaded my asscunt to the max , but once inside it only feels soooooo horny .
LANG_ENG Demanding budgetary increases in this difficult situation is scandalous .
LANG_ENG I am convinced that the Kenyan people would have confidence in such an audit being carried out by Commonwealth judges .
LANG_ENG A strong Europe is not bureaucratic , but has a common approach to those issues .
LANG_ENG All I can say is that the story was the Giants , buried and protected until it was taken out badly , without respect , to be sold , destroyed or hidden .
LANG_ENG All mail addresses can be filtered regardless if they were entered via WYSIWYG page or e.g. the guestbook .
LANG_ENG Tip: Due to huge list of &quot; ... lcd ... &quot; related keyword pages listed on this page , use the &quot; Find in Page &quot; function below .
LANG_ENG There is now some hope after all that it will dawn even on the President of the Convention that the head of Europe &apos;s executive has to be elected , not behind the Council &apos;s locked doors , but in this House , the people &apos;s open forum .
LANG_ENG &quot; means &quot; Ctrl-C &quot; followed by the letter &quot; s &quot; .
LANG_ENG Magnolia is born in the heart of Ortigia , the historical center of Siracusa , a most recent conservativo restoration of an historical , intentional palace from Caterina and Sebastiano Pollaci .
LANG_ENG Unfortunately , Moldova finds itself today in a wholly unstable zone of economic and political change .
LANG_ENG Let me give an example of one crop: maize .
LANG_ENG Are there cost cutting options besides the tax issues ?
LANG_ENG Verena (22) walks with High Heels and ballerinas through the streets , at which the straps of the shoes are opened .
LANG_ENG Anyway , when I gave the floor to the last Member , I also said &apos; the last Member to take the floor will be Mr Mato Adrover &apos; .
LANG_ENG It is going to be difficult for any individual , or group of citizens , on their own to collect the required number of signatures .
LANG_ENG From there a symbol of Ireland .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I too would like to commend the rapporteur for her work in this very important area and to lend my voice to support the call for designation of 2007 as the European Year of Equal Opportunities for All .
LANG_ENG The material of the fischer Universal Plug UX consists of polyamide by DuPont which is mainly made of renewable substances .
LANG_ENG The ski areas of Gstaad are not far away or you can make your first attempts at Rougemont .
LANG_ENG Splitting the data among multiple servers will allow parallel , scalable I / O and parallel data analysis .
LANG_ENG My fear is that , by the time we get something done , the European industry will have gone out of business .
LANG_ENG From 1.7 to 31.8 daily from 10 AM to 6 PM .
LANG_ENG You can also find many answers in the Application Notes .
LANG_ENG Global Consulting is a partner for all involved .
LANG_ENG If you plan to travel further afield , the Spanish border is approximately 20 km away , while the towns of Vila Real and Chaves are prominent and important sites in northern Portugal .
LANG_ENG Some of them are mentioned in the report .
LANG_ENG We mainly work with brass , but also steel , iron , aluminium , bronze and special alloys .
LANG_ENG How do I create a Parallel Coordinates Visualization with XLSTAT ?
LANG_ENG He explained the patient " s lack of consciousness by an inhibition of the cortex , meaning that activities inspired by suggestions were not directly controlled by motor centers , but rather by automatic motor controls . Heidenhain saw this as the fundamental phenomenon of hypnosis .
LANG_ENG However , we have voted against paragraph 11 regarding the diminution of the protection of the rights of citizens because of its vagueness .
LANG_ENG Rather than a citizenship right , the act of expressing an opinion about something is an automatic response promoted by the media .
LANG_ENG For example , the dealing of the river and the bets that follow are a round .
LANG_ENG our website , or career opportunities at Evonik Power Saar GmbH .
LANG_ENG The River Main is just a 5-minute walk from the City Centre Hotel , while great transport links bring you swiftly to the exhibition grounds , golf club and surrounding national parks .
LANG_ENG To instantly check availability for all Berlin cheap hostels , use the form on the left of the page .
LANG_ENG For this reason , it is common understanding that Open Standards should not allow such proprietary extensions , and that such market-distorting techniques should not be possible on the grounds of an Open Standard .
LANG_ENG On the other hand , we also know that we would not have the problem with infected turkey meat , for example , if the same rules which are now being introduced for beef - country of origin labelling - were to apply to all food products .
LANG_ENG A Metric that is used to measure the delivery of IT Service to a Customer . External Metrics are usually defined in SLAs and reported to Customers .
LANG_ENG Mr President , in application of the 1993 decisions linked to the reform of the structural funds , the Commission granted Belgium certain new adaptations to the regulation , including amongst the new measures the recognition of Hainaut in objective 1 .
LANG_ENG There are scarcely any problems with the other main areas which have been screened to date .
LANG_ENG The customer is authorized to step down any time in front of start of trip of the contract .
LANG_ENG European regulators will supervise the conduct of credit-rating agencies and take enforcement action where necessary .
LANG_ENG Once you arrive at your destination you may encounter difficult walking conditions as sidewalks in much of Bali are simply the covered tops of storm-water drains and in many places only 2 ft wide .
LANG_ENG Instead of enabling Members to increase their income substantially by means of excessive benefits that are not recorded by the national tax administrations , it would make a clear-cut distinction between income and the expenses actually incurred .
LANG_ENG Before you buy such a device , you should ask the seller , if it is equipped with the riser card - thank you !
LANG_ENG Some reached up to 50 feet catching spectators unaware .
LANG_ENG Eventually , he moved to another school in northern Uganda , where he met student Peter Kalibbala , who was going to have to withdraw because his family didn &apos;t have the money for his tuition .
LANG_ENG The object of the game is to win by acquiring as much wealth as possible .
LANG_ENG Even though it is no longer a global superpower , Russia " s vast oil and gas reserves make it an energy superpower , and Putin seems intent on playing that card .
LANG_ENG The cathedral museums , and squares are just a few minutes away walking .
LANG_ENG The informal European Council in Dublin on 5 October considered this proposal and on 28 October the General Affairs Council confirmed the mandate for the envoy and appointed Ambassador Moratinos of Spain to the post .
LANG_ENG Launch the default browser with the given URL .
LANG_ENG I know that Poland has a pain threshold .
LANG_ENG I hope that this new cabinet will lead the Czech Presidency , which has so far performed its role very well , to its conclusion and help to enable the necessary ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon in the Czech Republic .
LANG_ENG He has done a great job in keeping all sides of this House together .
LANG_ENG But are the Americans willing to see it ?
LANG_ENG A limousine service , city shuttle and car rental service are available .
LANG_ENG However , in light of the cuts facing local authorities , it is important that councils wanting to introduce kerbside collection are supported financially by producers .
LANG_ENG It is unfortunate that we could not do anything about Great Britain " s annual EUR five-and-a-half billion contribution rebate .
LANG_ENG Note that you can even modify or remove the four predefined symbols (if you remove all symbols , the four defaults will be restored the next time you start KStars).
LANG_ENG This page was last edited at 15: 46 , on 1 November 2009 by Anonymous user (s) of Wikitravel .
LANG_ENG We will have to address this issue .
LANG_ENG If information that &apos;s important to you is missing here , just get in touch with us .
LANG_ENG By serving as the international voice of lung cancer patients , the Global Lung Cancer Coalition is committed to improving disease outcomes for all .
LANG_ENG The potential problems - particularly the problems of water pollution - are cross-boundary problems and therefore worthy of European-wide legislation .
LANG_ENG We shall be asking developing countries to protect the rainforests; we shall address the key issue of how the destruction of forests accounts for 20% of emissions of greenhouse gases .
LANG_ENG Aspergers is a syndrome on the autism spectrum that has its own unique challenges . ABA is nothing more than good teaching and will work for any child who needs help understanding the subtle nuances of living in our social community .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I would like to point out that today we have two guests from the Brazilian Federal State of Bahia present .
LANG_ENG 32 caves dug from long forgotten versions of the original Boulder Dash .
LANG_ENG It even insisted on the implementation of the education agreement concluded between Mr Milosevic and Mr Rugova without delay .
LANG_ENG Two years , of course , is a long time in politics , and any predictions today about the presidential vote in 2012 would be imprudent .
LANG_ENG As co-author of the ground-breaking book The Limits to Growth , in 1972 , Dennis Meadows launched the debate over the relationship between economic growth and the earth " s resources , long before sustainability had entered the mainstream vocabulary .
LANG_ENG It provides an elegant environment with a mix between modernism and tradition .
LANG_ENG { X } , { T }: Put X + 1 / + 0 counters on Clockwork Steed .
LANG_ENG The euro crisis , however , has turned the EU into something radically different .
LANG_ENG After you have done registration procedure , you will receive an e-mail with your registration key .
LANG_ENG I am pleased to assure you that the Commission is committed to launching ENISA " s operational activities as soon as possible .
LANG_ENG Massage stalls , sauna , Turkish bath , vichy shower , Spa , dynamic swimming pool , jacuzzi , hydromassage bathtub , circular shower , seaweed bath and beauty treatments .
LANG_ENG Lote localizado en Fontibon (Bogota) a escasos 10 minutos del Aeropuerto el Dorado , totalmente plano , En la actualidad f ..
LANG_ENG Is there widespread corruption ?
LANG_ENG Whatever the case , the equation of homosexuality with physical violence and necrophilia is morally repugnant and deeply disgraceful .
LANG_ENG The only way to understand the customer is to ask the right questions .
LANG_ENG It is fully furnished and equipped for your comfort ! Storage room and parking space .
LANG_ENG I will do so , I will accept the challenge and I will use Mrs Jackson &apos;s argument: that in the internal market products that are the same must bear the same name .
LANG_ENG The products we offer are chosen carefully .
LANG_ENG They are right .
LANG_ENG You can find a list of all cargo bureaus , courier services and haulage companies at Leipzig / Halle Airport on the PortGround website .
LANG_ENG Compensation is not to be paid if the degradation of the goods results from its inspection as it would have been possible in a shop .
LANG_ENG Speaking with Julio occurred to me to say that the book on paper would disappear , obviously in July almost killed me at such insolence , however , though not a full and emphatic , it may happen that the book sector is open to technology .
LANG_ENG There are currently 1283 users and 8217 guests online .
LANG_ENG The new optional multi-panel view will give you all the important tools and windows through a consistent , integrated , simple user interface . The s ...
LANG_ENG With this in mind , the Member States must urgently ratify the International Labour Organisation &apos;s 2006 Maritime Labour Convention .
LANG_ENG Questions to Mr Kinnock
LANG_ENG It is a wide-ranging non-preferential agreement which creates new bilateral channels for dialogue and cooperation and , I would point out , for the resolution of disputes with this important trading partner .
LANG_ENG They are important in the context of the gas crisis because we are showing here that the EU is capable of acting quickly and responding to the needs of many European countries .
LANG_ENG Several observations are called for , however .
LANG_ENG These can be found in the drop-down menu beside the Table Games menu . Choose your limit size .
LANG_ENG I would underline that Parliament welcomes the fact that in the course of preparation of the Annual Report concerning the financial year 2009 , the Court of Auditors performed an in-depth assessment of supervisory and control systems in the Court of Justice .
LANG_ENG Mrs Swiebel mentions a political party in the Netherlands that does not admit women as members as a serious case of violation , along with the fact that it takes too long to take legal action in some states .
LANG_ENG We would therefore suggest that Structural Funds policy should focus on Objective 1 , for which only the poorest regions qualify .
LANG_ENG Rooms are cleaned daily and fresh towels are provided each morning .
LANG_ENG My thanks also go to Messrs Mastorakis and Pomés Ruiz for their outstanding work .
LANG_ENG The fastviewer desktop sharing software is an extremely secure and simultaneously simple solution for communication of a large number of participants from different locations at one " virtual " table .
LANG_ENG The Charter of Fundamental Rights requires us to uphold human dignity and protect life .
LANG_ENG At first , the firm dismissed 14 workers involved in building up the union . Now , more than 800 have been laid-off because of the solidarity strike .
LANG_ENG That should have allowed sufficient time to work out the implementing provisions .
LANG_ENG The old version is only required by using Autoconf 2.13 , which is also no longer maintained upstream , and only 10 Debian packages include a build dependency on it .
LANG_ENG Five institutions and groups from Leipzig have joined forces as Experimentale e.V. for the project " Heimat Moderne " , which investigates the significance of the architectural , social , and cultural heritage of modernity to the identity of the city today .
LANG_ENG European Food Authority
LANG_ENG And the Commission is working on that , in the sense that it has just submitted proposals to this effect to the Intergovernmental Conference .
LANG_ENG Mix bread , shrimp paste , water chestnuts , salt , ginger and egg yolk in a bowl .
LANG_ENG As President of the European Council , I appeal to all parties concerned to continue their consultations in order to reach a compromise on the 2011 budget with the shortest delay possible .
LANG_ENG In addition , advertising for such implants that is directed at the general public should be banned along the lines of the French model .
LANG_ENG The following questions are addressed to the Council .
LANG_ENG We believe that we have bridged that gap and we also believe that in a few years &apos; time everyone will unequivocally applaud this initiative by the Portuguese Presidency .
LANG_ENG The Federal Government was still at a stage of development which we were unable to fully comprehend .
LANG_ENG Also different about these albums was the confidence he displayed .
LANG_ENG We can find the menu to &quot; eliminate &quot; in two ways: through the label or through the link pointed to (Part commented example below).
LANG_ENG Modern science is democratic and meritocratic .
LANG_ENG Established in 2006 , this hotel was designed in an avant-garde style and comprises a total of 285 rooms , of which 2 are suites , spread over 17 floors .
LANG_ENG The town itself offers not that much . There are no big attractions .
LANG_ENG We all agree about the objectives .
LANG_ENG A former sea captain and a CEO have joined forces to provide medical services to patients in rural areas of the African island of Madagascar .
LANG_ENG Affected parties have also criticized the fact that the manufacturer &apos;s public declarations are also included in the defect definition .
LANG_ENG - Via industrie , 3 31040 Campo di Pietra - Salgareda (TV) for the above stated purpose .
LANG_ENG I cannot allow you to distort this proposal .
LANG_ENG We would be changing the law to make it executable again , which is something I consider to be unacceptable .
LANG_ENG On the other hand , it must be carefully thought through , planned for the long term and as transparent as possible .
LANG_ENG Since the founding the injection moulding manufacturer ENGEL 65 years ago Irene Schwarz characterises the company .
LANG_ENG The Carbon reinforced D-box extends from the leading edge and embraces the main-spar .
LANG_ENG The suggestion put forward by some Member States that EU spending should be frozen at current levels until 2006 means , in effect , that the richer Member States are seeking to have the cost of enlargement met by the less-developed countries .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I do not think that the independent media creates violence and I do not see the relevance of this question , but I thank the asker of the question for her question .
LANG_ENG In particular , in relation to monetary policy , we made the point earlier in the debate on economic and monetary union , that under Article 105 of the Treaty when price stability is guaranteed then the monetary authority can address the wider objectives of the European Union .
LANG_ENG The people must know that we understand their desire to acquire land and that we want to provide financial support for a legal procedure for acquiring land .
LANG_ENG This is certainly what is needed and , as many speakers have stated here , there are many potential locations for the agency , since there are several candidates which are all equally competent and well prepared .
LANG_ENG Scenes of Silence has been continuously developed and improved over the last ten years .
LANG_ENG However , it raised serious concerns in business quarters , and respondents argued that because of the complexity of the issue further careful analysis was needed .
LANG_ENG In case that the special allotment has been exhausted , we are happy to provide alternative hotels .
LANG_ENG &quot; Again , after an appeal to heaven , the minister replies , &quot; No , officer , I was not gambling . &quot; Turning to the rabbi , the officer again asks: &quot; Rabbi Goldstein , were you gambling ?
LANG_ENG As the report says , according to data from 2006 , more than 300 million people around the world are obese , a figure that has more than doubled in the last 15 years .
LANG_ENG Mr President , who knows the Ministers Mr Van Dale , Mr Conde de Saro and Mr Christoffersen ?
LANG_ENG I am in favour of a modern , technologically assisted transport safety system , but each businessman should be able to decide for himself in this free market of ours , whether he wants a superbox or the equally attractive , so-called improved solution .
LANG_ENG If you " ve ever struggled to master Flash creation - or avoided it altogether - you " ll be amazed by how quickly you can create rich , attractive , and compelling interactive content with QuarkXPress 8 !
LANG_ENG The EPP Group will pay particular attention to the business environment for small and medium-sized enterprises and will contribute to developing precise ideas on the governance of the single market .
LANG_ENG Best Western Shinjuku Astina Hotel Tokyo will be shown on a map if you enable JavaScript .
LANG_ENG It is up to them to make use of it .
LANG_ENG For my part , I am committed to informing the House following the Barcelona European Council , and carrying out a final assessment of this Presidency after the Seville European Council .
LANG_ENG 1 bedroom , living room with fireplace , kitchen and shower / toilet .
LANG_ENG By speaking for more than half an hour , the Commissioner tried to make all this sound better than it is . But the whole plan will be upset by the angry and orchestrated response of the farming community .
LANG_ENG The agenda for culture is not only about issues of better cooperation on the cultural agenda or of increased funding , but also of the legal framework .
LANG_ENG We do not want any curious divisions of tasks , as are presently becoming apparent , when this money is distributed over the coming weeks and months .
LANG_ENG Worse than that , an increase in the number of patents held by or granted to an organization , country or region is seen as an increase in innovation .
LANG_ENG - (SV) When the European Parliament today stated its position on the Intergovernmental Conference , I advocated solutions which also provide for the interests of the small Member States .
LANG_ENG He dedicated fifteen years to the spreading of Zen in Europe .
LANG_ENG He should be reminded - and the President of the French Republic is obliged to take account of this - that France is still a democracy and that it has the right to hesitate .
LANG_ENG I reiterate that I am convinced that it will enable the Council to establish the right diagnosis and find the right remedies .
LANG_ENG - Country Lodging and rustic roundwood country cottage with St-Felix-in-Valois , in the middle of Lanaudière .
LANG_ENG As an Austrian , I have no problem at all with moving forward more rapidly and quickly .
LANG_ENG It lifts sanctions: how many people in this Chamber have been calling for that over the last few years ?
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG To conclude , I hope that Parliament has been reassured that access to medicines remains a priority for the Commission .
LANG_ENG Mr President , human rights organisations are unfortunately continuing to report atrocities committed against dissidents and minorities in China .
LANG_ENG Ludendorff was born near Poznan (Posen) in present-day Poland , then in Prussia .
LANG_ENG On the Open Green Map , you can chart lines and areas (polygons) in order to represent paths such as bike routes and areas such as parks .
LANG_ENG And then we introduced a new principle .
LANG_ENG Secondly , we need to consider what legal , political or institutional stumbling blocks might in certain cases lie in the way of using such agreements .
LANG_ENG It is situated amongst the famous landmarks of the Blue Mosque and Hagia Sophia of the Byzantinum Period .
LANG_ENG Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in 1989 when the Berlin Wall came down , Western Europe was in the process of creating the great single market , an objective that we set for 1992 .
LANG_ENG You can find further information about CityGuide DMS und other Webnologic products on the internet by visiting http: / / cityguide-dms.com .
LANG_ENG At the Plast 2009 , which will take place from 24 to 28 March in Milan , ARBURG will present an impressive cross-section of its current product range with groundbreaking applications .
LANG_ENG Of all the buildings except one , the accounts of which are regular .
LANG_ENG As I have recently accepted a full-time position , I currently have no resources available to develop any new projects .
LANG_ENG But probably only religious feasts were moved from one month to the next according to certain circumstances .
LANG_ENG Beautiful young women helpless before their power they must surrender entirely to them . With a relentless beat , they are mechanical , pneumatic , ...
LANG_ENG This finally brought about the decision to change direction and dedicate himself to film work , marked by his first original score for &quot; Taxi Lisboa &quot; by Wolf Gaudlitz , a film highly acclaimed in cineaste circles .
LANG_ENG Do I have to organize booth lighting separately ?
LANG_ENG So long as the far right has remained outside our parliaments or has been poorly represented , we have been able to fight it , but now it is more difficult .
LANG_ENG The way to combine the necessary forms and the necessary acceptance of those reforms cannot be written in a communication , but rather it is a political element of political leadership .
LANG_ENG It is important that the measures are properly binding and not merely recommendations .
LANG_ENG None of these countries is without problems , of course .
LANG_ENG An invitation to relaxing verdant walks or climbing up the high peaks . A living landscaped to be experienced first hand .
LANG_ENG 1580) and a chandelier . 1682-84 the church received its impressive tower which is now a feature of the town .
LANG_ENG We were immediately fascinated by the discreet charm and unspoilt rusticity of the village called Sugano .
LANG_ENG  (DA)... and then finally to Dan Jørgensen: of course I do not believe that we should not reach an agreement in Mexico .
LANG_ENG I am pleased that the European Parliament &apos;s proposal for a performance reserve is approved at least in principle , and hope that we can still dispel your scepticism by means of range and feasibility .
LANG_ENG First of all , let me assure you that all the structures we have established in order to meet any health threat of this size have been working well and that we have utilised all the tools at our disposal .
LANG_ENG It is not just financial interconnectedness that poses a challenge in our age of globalisation but above all social and humanitarian integration .
LANG_ENG Please fill out the following fields and enter your phone number .
LANG_ENG We simply do not understand this , and it is unacceptable to new members that they cannot join ...
LANG_ENG We shall reiterate the general principle that any solutions must conform to the current acquis and the Berlin financial framework .
LANG_ENG Sole occupancy of double room Period A - B - C - G € 27,00 extra per day , Period D - E - F € 45,00 extra per day .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG Most of the unconverted surviving F-111As were retired in 1992 and mothballed at AMARC , Davis Monthan AFB .
LANG_ENG Domestic and international companies whose shares are included in exchange trading in the Open Market for the first time and are subject to less stringent formal requirements can benefit from their inclusion in the First Quotation Board .
LANG_ENG On June 26 , we will award at least € 550 in bonus money to guests whose point totals earn them a placement on our Tourney Top Ten List , found here .
LANG_ENG The purpose is to work with the noncommercial questions concerning the organic life cycle .
LANG_ENG Since I became an MEP , it is hard to remember any issue which has provoked such a deluge of letters as the subject of biofuels .
LANG_ENG I will read Amendment No 9 to the House .
LANG_ENG A release branch is just a branch in the version control system (see branch), on which the code destined for this release can be isolated from mainline development .
LANG_ENG There is no other way of moving !
LANG_ENG That means that everybody who registered this time , got no email to activate his account .
LANG_ENG The valley opens up near the picturesque village of Chivay , the main community in the area , and heads northwest for more than 60 kilometers until the area known as Cruz del Condor near Cabanaconde .
LANG_ENG Enjoy a spacious , well-equipped studio with air conditioning .
LANG_ENG The preparation is a careful studied .
LANG_ENG Let us allow the reform-minded cabinet a political breathing space .
LANG_ENG barcelonetasuites collects personal information such as name , email , passport number , age , gender and contact details .
LANG_ENG During summer the management can arrange boat trips on the lake , while in winter day trips to renowned ski resorts are provided (at extra costs).
LANG_ENG Japan , at long last , will not have to fight deflation with one hand tied behind its back .
LANG_ENG The German finance minister , Dr Schäuble seems to have opened the door to a new round of integration leading to a fiscal union and , ultimately , a political union .
LANG_ENG At least 137 people have died in prison .
LANG_ENG As a result of globalisation , professions or professional subgroups like engravers and Flexographers with little public exposure are at risk of being completely absorbed by professions of greater propagation . A union with AEGRAFLEX on the other hand offers a chance of survival .
LANG_ENG This European democratic deficit is at its most obvious in the case of Turkey , which threatens to paralyse the entire European system .
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at The Tudor Hotel New York .
LANG_ENG And , thirdly , Madam President , what determines the choice of legal base to which I have referred is undoubtedly the objective .
LANG_ENG It is easily accessible by both the city transport and arterial roads .
LANG_ENG I am relaxing on the sofa .
LANG_ENG Secondly , could I say something about the strength of my backbone with regard to the criticism which I made in respect of a few candidates ?
LANG_ENG We have discussed it at length in the committee; Mrs Moreau was the only one to vote against .
LANG_ENG columns , for which the first enumeration value corresponds to 1 .
LANG_ENG In future , third country agreements must be a partnership between the EU and the contracting nation , embracing a continuous monitoring process to ensure that a sustainable fishery is maintained .
LANG_ENG By protecting the government in power , it is mainly protecting the French corporations that have major interests there .
LANG_ENG Yesterday there were over 500 people voting , this morning there are about 60 . It would be difficult to argue that Parliament takes Friday seriously , but maybe if we televised it the attitude would change .
LANG_ENG Astonishingly , he is smaller than Joshua who turns one in June .
LANG_ENG In the afternoon of Saturday , May 3rd by the Palafiori of Corso Garibaldi in Sanremo there will be the 1st Home Made Ice cream ...
LANG_ENG The Great Isaiah Scroll 1QIsa , the Manual of Discipline 1QS and the Habakkuk Commentary 1QpHab were some of the first and most complete scrolls to be found among the thousands of fragments in caves near Qumran and elsewhere along the Dead Sea during the following two decades .
LANG_ENG Fuel lines serve , among other things , to deliver liquid fuel to the direct injection system of an engine at an almost constant maximum pressure .
LANG_ENG The Council of Ministers may deny that this is the case , but it is forced to argue from a Community position .
LANG_ENG So the Community guarantee to the EIB against losses and loan guarantees are the basis for its activities outside the EU .
LANG_ENG In Setting Up a Remote Printer we configure this system to use a printer attached to another system (not Windows share).
LANG_ENG If you are interested in contacting us , please visit our Contact page for more information .
LANG_ENG Ukraine " s Secret Turnaround
LANG_ENG You are the directly elected part of the European institutions .
LANG_ENG In relations with the region of South Caucasus , the EU must be a partner to it , assisting with economic and commercial development , with security , with stability , with the promotion of prosperity , and with conflict resolution .
LANG_ENG Enjoy the fascination of elegant atmosphere and the play of the elements sandstone , wood and glass in the restaurant .
LANG_ENG The recent happenings are far from encouraging .
LANG_ENG Cultural everyday life between 1938 and 1945 , the second focus of the exhibition " KULTURHAUPTSTADT DES FÜHRERS " after the Nazis cultural phantasmagorias , will also address the issue of historic continuities and the " legacy " of this particular past .
LANG_ENG At the moment , that is not the case , as I saw for myself during my visit to Chisinau ten days ago .
LANG_ENG Everyone agrees that the first priority should be to save the lives of people who are drowning in the Mediterranean .
LANG_ENG Enjoy finest sushi , prepared exclusively from Japanese cooks . Our chef Fujii-san serves Makis , Nigiris from fresh fish in our fish and sushi corner and Tempura for those who prefer boiled fish .
LANG_ENG Please login to control the management services !
LANG_ENG Description: The guest-house Vera is situated very close to the heart of Vienna , with direct access to all public transport means such as bus , tram and ...
LANG_ENG This was supported by a large majority in committee .
LANG_ENG In June 2009 , Hilton shot &quot; Paris Hilton &apos;s photo des fille nue tres haute qualit � Dubai BFF &quot; .
LANG_ENG Corsendonk Viane Apartments is a beautiful newly built building , located in the heart of Turnhout . Since last August we offer new possibilities for both the short and the longer stays .
LANG_ENG Maintaining high standards for successful completion ensures not only graduates are competent in veterinary chiropractic treatment techniques , but that they can be assured of the competency of their IAVC colleagues .
LANG_ENG A bank cheque of a value of 5% of the value of your friend " s holiday .
LANG_ENG Whole interior and exterior , even the smallest details were made of this material . Curiosity of these buildings is the fact , that they were built without using any nails .
LANG_ENG We regard that as a central , important matter .
LANG_ENG The smaller cities of Bendigo and Ballarat , both in Victoria , have retained small parts of their tramway operations .
LANG_ENG Europeana currently has a catalogue of 6 million digitised works and the aim is to reach 10 million entries by June 2010 .
LANG_ENG It is up to us as lawmakers to draw up rules aimed at limiting the impact of climate change .
LANG_ENG Moreover , education is the great equaliser , which means that it is an equaliser of those issues that are necessary for the equality of all .
LANG_ENG Subject: Development assistance in an economic crisis
LANG_ENG My mother , who was born in Miskolc , and I , born just a few kilometres from Bratislava , feel and sense that .
LANG_ENG Mr President , while I accept the Rules of this House , we must also act on an ad hoc basis when a serious situation arises .
LANG_ENG Ajoutez de bonnes photos de vous: ça augmente aussi vos chances .
LANG_ENG Those who think that Europe can grow with increasingly less money , when confronted with the problem of the asymmetric crisis and the question of what can be done - as Lenin said - , simply say nothing .
LANG_ENG This page contains sub-categories and keyword pages contextually , grammatically and meaningfully related to the keyword / phrase products and tools .
LANG_ENG That is what this debate is about .
LANG_ENG We endorse the objective of gender equality and recognise particularly the need for special support for women returning to work .
LANG_ENG What will be the effect of a change in national quotas on , for example , a European quota system ?
LANG_ENG Therefore , there are very different situations in many countries , and on this minor point I would agree with Mrs Klamt .
LANG_ENG The Allgäu-Tyrol Family Ski Pass is valid for 81 lift facilities in the &apos; Vital Country &apos; and is available at the cash desk of the cable cars in Reutte , tel .
LANG_ENG Explore the neighbourhood from the air with this Helicopter .
LANG_ENG We are completely in agreement with that .
LANG_ENG Unfortunately , these ideas have deteriorated and are still in the process of deteriorating .
LANG_ENG The engineers work with a combination of the most up-to-date CAD design and CAM construction programs to achieve optimum levels of quality .
LANG_ENG This is good .
LANG_ENG The next group of testers should by now have received their notification e-mails containing their Beta keys .
LANG_ENG Evidently community-forming in the internet is not a new , Web 2.0-created ability , but has already been detected in text-based environments .
LANG_ENG In its opinion on the holding of an Intergovernmental Conference to amend the Treaties , the Commission noted that the European Council must decide during the year 2000 on the inclusion of certain items on the IGC agenda , in particular the European Charter of Fundamental Rights .
LANG_ENG Tickets for the concert will be sold from Friday , October 30 at 12.00 (CET). Make sure you buy yours in time .
LANG_ENG It belongs to the province of Huesca , in the municipality of Aisa , close to the French border and is home to one of the most important ski resorts in the Pyrenees mountain range .
LANG_ENG We have children &apos;s and adult &apos;s bicycles for rent for 50 Baht for 4 hours or 100 Baht for 8 hours daily .
LANG_ENG HESS offers professional services before , during and after the sale .
LANG_ENG One of Europe &apos;s oldest academic institutions , the Jagiellonian University , founded in 1364 , is based here .
LANG_ENG You don " t have to leave gDoc in order to view , print or work with PDF , XPS , DOC , XLS &amp; PPT files !
LANG_ENG Increased competition should also help to keep down fares charged on long-distance bus routes .
LANG_ENG At least in the West the fall of ideologies is being proclaimed .
LANG_ENG The LED headlight consists of several aluminium profiles for the optimal cooling .
LANG_ENG PT100 sensors are mainly used for temperature measurements .
LANG_ENG VAT will be zero rated (0.00%) on all products for EU business customers who provide their VAT registration number .
LANG_ENG Amending laws and changing the legal system , though , is not enough .
LANG_ENG That &apos;s why I can &apos;t looking for them in other cities . I satisfy my wish about sex with tranny chatting with these shemale porn stars .
LANG_ENG Before joining the then Softlab Group , Bernd Stroppel was responsible for finance and accounting , controlling , and facility management , acting as a member of the executive board of the Systems Integration unit at T-Systems .
LANG_ENG I do not know if they &apos;re using the installation instructions , please see the link .
LANG_ENG It has been split into a number of categories to make navigation easier .
LANG_ENG An all-white jury acquitted the officers after a brief deliberation .
LANG_ENG Poland , the Baltic States and other countries will be forced to submit to Russian control of their energy supplies .
LANG_ENG In an article titled " AM-111 prevents hearing loss from semicircular canal injury in otitis media " the results of a study conducted at the Department of Otolaryngology of the University of Florida in Gainesville (USA) are presented .
LANG_ENG The décor and the constructional material are one and the same .
LANG_ENG I am generally in favour of continuing reform of the CAP , but I hope that we will not be in a situation of importing liquid or dried egg .
LANG_ENG The European public expects our institution to be responsible and sensible , especially on such a controversial issue as atomic energy .
LANG_ENG We recommend that Parliament approve the budgets for 2005 , but in doing so we have some comments to offer and some demands to make .
LANG_ENG In addition , she was already in place for many famous designers on the catwalk , including Christian Lacroix , Christian Dior and Giorgio Armani .
LANG_ENG That was the day after the first solemn celebrations of Columbus Day , marking its 300th anniversary .
LANG_ENG The recently amended SAVE and Altener programmes are the cornerstones of a sustainable and environment-friendly energy policy .
LANG_ENG One of the things this strategy has to do is to really encourage businesses and consumers to move and adopt the new electronic commercial technologies as soon as possible because of themselves they will be what creates this single market in the future .
LANG_ENG Bristol-Myers Squibb is the 9th ranked pharmaceutical group in Europe with a focus on ten ...
LANG_ENG We have always thought that the idea of Eurobonds was an attractive one provided the Member States could support it , but we are not yet there , to be honest .
LANG_ENG This programme allows the user to verify , in relation to the selected title , the experience and availability of all artists for various roles in the opera .
LANG_ENG Of course there is room for argument about whether particular exceptional arrangements can be extended for a year or two in the case of small power plants .
LANG_ENG Click thumbnail to see a larger photo of NH Schiller .
LANG_ENG 00: 03: 40: 27 , 00: 03: 43: 20 , Problem is , no one found those videos to watch them .
LANG_ENG It must first be established that the maximum quantities allowed in the form of residues are not being exceeded .
LANG_ENG I simply cannot understand how it can be argued that strengthening safety means pandering to the nuclear industry .
LANG_ENG Students from all over Europe participated in an online debate that focused on plastics , chemistry and climate protection .
LANG_ENG An ideal base from which to discover the wonders of the city of the Alhambra on foot .
LANG_ENG His role as a broker of sorts is mostly aimed at endearing himself to the US , where Congress is highly critical of his human rights record .
LANG_ENG Other Players - What will other players buy ? This is determined by demand and luck .
LANG_ENG Nanclus was played by Darryl Henriques .
LANG_ENG During Communism , Roma had jobs and free access to health care and education; after Communism their living standards dropped .
LANG_ENG In total , the Commission can , to a greater or lesser degree , accept 20 of the 83 amendments tabled for the vote in plenary tomorrow .
LANG_ENG We expect you at Restaurant Grand Dumbrava , one of the finest restaurants in Sibiu .
LANG_ENG The color profiles for the scanner made with EZColor are in a considerably inferior position to those made with SilverFast .
LANG_ENG Harald Kastlunger is a Cyclops of the imagination not only in his artistic creation but equally so in his positive outlook on life .
LANG_ENG With the Green Paper , the Commission intends to stimulate a debate over the use of trade defence instruments in Europe: countervailing , anti-dumping and safeguard measures .
LANG_ENG I welcome the adoption of this report in numerous respects .
LANG_ENG Sweetly styled in lush berry colours and kitted out in modern designer comfort , this beautiful apartment in central Madrid has a really warm and friendly holiday appeal .
LANG_ENG Furtheron the friction is reduced by oil , water and greasy dirt on the railhead .
LANG_ENG I consider this regulation to be a fair one , which takes all sides into account in an appropriate way .
LANG_ENG I would like to return to the subject of the Internet .
LANG_ENG Guests can make use of the extensive beauty and wellness area of the Romantikhotel , Hotel Fischerwirts partner hotel across the street (at an extra cost).
LANG_ENG Similar to the restatements of the American Law Institute , the quasi-legislative rules are accompanied by comments and by notes which refer to parallel provisions of national insurance contract law .
LANG_ENG I am delighted that the rapporteur has also taken up our transport options .
LANG_ENG So let us vote first on rejection of the proposal , as this will save us having to go through a pointless voting procedure .
LANG_ENG We motor in this limit , the shaft or work under the load current and motor winding temperatures , when we will remain at fair value and the expected length of life of the engine will be able to be .
LANG_ENG contact us and receive a precise offer .
LANG_ENG On the ladies side Alexandra Rousset * went at it alone at the head of the race ... the same for Anne Wade V1 (under 50 &apos;s age group), Gislaine Ballans V2 (under 60 &apos;s).
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Palacio De Santa Ines .
LANG_ENG In the flower market , civilised loading locks protected against weather conditions ensure favourable loading circumstances for the deliveries .
LANG_ENG We make reconstructions and modernizations of Autosan H9-21 and H10 coaches .
LANG_ENG This is one of a very few instances anywhere where every known individual of a species (genus in this case) has been relocated .
LANG_ENG The data security is guaranteed by regular backups .
LANG_ENG The doctrine of double effect , properly understood , does not justify what the doctors did; but , by inuring them to the practice of shortening patients " lives without obtaining consent , it seems to have paved the way for intentional killing .
LANG_ENG Despite having a very busy agenda , the Belgian Presidency hopes to be able to return to the region shortly , in early November , for example , if circumstances allow .
LANG_ENG I know that some elements that were in the Constitution are missing , but this is a historical moment in which what has been agreed has to be transformed into a legally-binding document .
LANG_ENG These mature black sluts have hot bodies that built for fucking , and the experience to know how to use them right !
LANG_ENG You can find the hotel at Bonn 53113 , Stockenstr .
LANG_ENG Meals are not included , but the restaurant in the hay-loft is at your disposal .
LANG_ENG Rename it (for example to &quot; xCubase 5 &quot;) in order to hide it from the sequencer .
LANG_ENG But it is also dangerous , because it derives from China " s old weaknesses rather than its new strengths .
LANG_ENG I also think that the idea you mentioned of an account of an organisation &apos;s democracy focused attention on these double standards .
LANG_ENG Stroll around Vila Nova Conceiçao , one of the most expensive property areas in town .
LANG_ENG First , players must purchase a Castle Keno ticket .
LANG_ENG We have also asked the Court of Auditors to act promptly .
LANG_ENG Tourism in Fuengirola is basically on a national level , nevertheless its beaches , fishing and leisurement offers are being welcomed also by foreigners . The most representative monuments in Fuengirola are the archeological sites of Torreblanca del Sol , the casle of Sohail and the iglesias parroquiales .
LANG_ENG And what did I see , but my esteemed colleague , Mr Harbour , speaking with great authority on the issue in hand with no indication that the votes were to follow next .
LANG_ENG Q. Where can I depart and terminate my routing with the Africa Airpass ?
LANG_ENG We just speak of corruption , but we do not say directly that this is a matter of criminal activity .
LANG_ENG Kaleb then made two attempts to suppress this revolt and recapture his territories in Arabia .
LANG_ENG Send a special message to your colleagues encouraging them to register to eTwinning .
LANG_ENG And government-financed education and training , in particular , will be critical in restoring competitiveness in Europe and the US .
LANG_ENG Today the Danish Social Democrats voted for the report on the surveillance and control of communicable diseases in the Community .
LANG_ENG Obviously , we will make the recommendations of the study known to Parliament and the other institutions .
LANG_ENG Pentru a juca un joc Engleza - Portugheza online gratuit , selectati una sau mai multe casute aflate langa numele lectiilor , selectati tipul de joc si apasati butonul &quot; Incepe &quot; .
LANG_ENG PatchManager is made with Java technology . Data is stored in a standard relational database .
LANG_ENG Mrs Berès is absolutely right: what this is really about is finally creating a real internal market in the investment funds sector .
LANG_ENG  (LT) EU states are continuing to implement projects with potentially catastrophic consequences , while at the same time discussing the impact of human activities on the environment .
LANG_ENG The debate is closed .
LANG_ENG The same demands were flatly refused in the case of the proposal on the European Regional Development Fund , however , to which we are entitled to make changes .
LANG_ENG I thank Parliament for joining in this tribute .
LANG_ENG Augusto Pinochet died on December 10 , 2006 , putting an end to all legal procedures in Chile and abroad .
LANG_ENG I should particularly like to congratulate Commissioner Monti on the progress he has made over recent years .
LANG_ENG We are duty bound to assist the citizens of Europe to differentiate between good food and food that might not comply with European standards .
LANG_ENG A total of ten institutes and departments of the Vienna University of Economics and Business Administration deal with economic , environmental and social aspects of sustainable development .
LANG_ENG I would now ask the Members of the European Parliament to join me in a minute &apos;s silence in memory of the three children , Richard , Mark and Jason Quinn , who lost their lives in the horrendous attack on their home in Northern Ireland on Saturday night .
LANG_ENG Choose your accommodation in Tarsch on the right .
LANG_ENG Is this what you call sustainable development ?
LANG_ENG 220-m-long path without shoes; feel sand , wood chips , gravel , clay and water - barefoot around the Härzlisee lake by the Brunni hut (food available).
LANG_ENG The new construction enables the user to unfold the seatback and the footrest .
LANG_ENG Cabin is equipped with: Cold / hot water , fridge , cooking plates , the most of kitchen equipment , cable TV , quilts and pillows .
LANG_ENG In this regard , I am also of the opinion , Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf , that it is irresponsible that we do this by means of the dilution factor .
LANG_ENG The entrance is very cheap and is including parking , toilets , etc .
LANG_ENG There is also an extensive offer of lodgings on Crete .
LANG_ENG What happens if my server stops responding ?
LANG_ENG Only the digits in the source field are copied .
LANG_ENG And the truth is that he would not feel comfortable seeing every day so colorful stalls that have come to be raped by the visual pollution created by all this bad publicity that abounds in every city in the world .
LANG_ENG It was great value for money as the breakfast was included in the price. excellent location for visting disneyland or val d &apos; europe .
LANG_ENG Unemployment is today &apos;s real social problem; this is our task today .
LANG_ENG Finally , the issue of low-level presence will always be with us , and , while speedy functioning of the authorisation system will improve the situation , we still need a technical solution .
LANG_ENG The Flash Player and a browser with Javascript support are needed ..
LANG_ENG The Member States will need political leaders and the will to put reforms in place .
LANG_ENG Generally speaking , the Commission and Parliament share the same will when it comes to combating all forms of discrimination and to promoting equality between men and women .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I would like to thank Members for a very interesting debate .
LANG_ENG These are problems that mainly affect women , but also the elderly living on very low pensions , immigrants , children , people with disabilities and workers in insecure and badly paid jobs .
LANG_ENG All what is worth knowing in a few pages .
LANG_ENG More than forty years ago , a German village called Mödlareuth was given the name Little Berlin by American soldiers .
LANG_ENG I refer to Antonio Gramsci who , in his letters from prison , outlined the objectives which men and nations need to pursue in order to safeguard a better tomorrow .
LANG_ENG A wide range of programmes is designed to ensure that there is a course to suit your needs .
LANG_ENG We provide solutions for individual needs of very different client groups such as for instance nursery schools , hospitals , state security branches , and drinks machine operators or restaurants and hotels .
LANG_ENG On 7 June 2007 Commissioner Hübner will present the fourth cohesion report in Parliament &apos;s Regional Development Committee .
LANG_ENG The exhibition of these two artists - Nick Brandt and Silke Lauffs - provides a new and sensuous experience of Africa .
LANG_ENG The Register is one blog with the intention to take a little of diversion to the visitors .
LANG_ENG The paint is sprayed by a pneumatic spray .
LANG_ENG There propably will be some speed drawback with not being able to do simple-math for revision difference like in CVS , but that actually will have to be checked .
LANG_ENG As soon as both participants confirm their interest we establish a connection .
LANG_ENG You will need the key that you set here if you change the network connection for the PSP ™ system .
LANG_ENG In some situations , the transformation might not work properly .
LANG_ENG But their influence was powerful and lasting , and extended in directions that they could not have anticipated .
LANG_ENG Summer 2003 , one of the warmer seasons in the last two centuries .
LANG_ENG Of course all our tools can be combined and tailored for your needs to develop effective and efficient solutions .
LANG_ENG You must restart the computer after you apply this update .
LANG_ENG This is just the kind of process that we do not wish to see .
LANG_ENG As well as putting money into infrastructure and the environment we have to think about the people .
LANG_ENG Samsung &apos;s experience in the field of user-friendliness certainly shows with this device . The enhanced digital camera , MP3 player , astonishing graphic effects and famous brand name , make the Giorgio Armani cell phone a desired gadget , especially for the younger generation .
LANG_ENG The European Union is fixated with the idea of concluding free trade agreements with the southern Mediterranean countries , although , paradoxically , they only have a one-sided liberalising effect .
LANG_ENG This would constitute the first step towards a European public service that met the needs of today &apos; s users and employees .
LANG_ENG NJ Transit came into being with the passage of the Public Transportation Act of 1979 to &quot; acquire , operate and contract for transportation service in the public interest .
LANG_ENG Privacy: Please be assured that personal data , as the number of credit card , with the utmost security and confidentiality .
LANG_ENG Since the early 1990s , journalists and intellectuals in the country have suffered constant pressure , attacks and arrests .
LANG_ENG The vote will take place at 12 noon .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I rise to draw attention to the continuing plight of the West Papuan people .
LANG_ENG Our economies want migrants .
LANG_ENG We must involve local and regional authorities , as well as civil society , in the governance process since , according to EU statistics , local and regional authorities enjoy the highest level of trust among ordinary citizens .
LANG_ENG With Members like the one you have just addressed in your group , Mr Poettering , you have no more need of political opponents .
LANG_ENG Finnish jobs are at risk , even though we are doing all we can here to increase the number of jobs in the EU .
LANG_ENG Testing at this stage includes not only all the unit tests but also all acceptance tests .
LANG_ENG We are happy to welcome you in our guesthouse in Queven near Lorient in Brittany .
LANG_ENG Two M rims also are available for extra sports appeal .
LANG_ENG You have emphasized - and I will say it myself - that the topical and urgent debate must occupy a more favourable position in the part-session .
LANG_ENG  (PL) Madam President , the European Union should engage more actively in events in Central Asia and in support for economic and social development in the region .
LANG_ENG Share the directory c: ftpboot \ ploplinux with the share name ploplinux .
LANG_ENG They were supposed to have wireless internet in all rooms , but this was not the case .
LANG_ENG We should know what we are doing and we should not be naive .
LANG_ENG Managing a software development project for 2 years and developing the specification .
LANG_ENG Make sexual tattoo with your message .
LANG_ENG Otherwise , party conferences would not be broadcast so extensively .
LANG_ENG In order to guarantee the highest quality and at the same time operate as efficiently as possible , in-house IT is focussed on core business , whilst logistics and the management of the infrastructure for the production of almost 8,000 components are outsourced to IT partners .
LANG_ENG I only have a small amount of speaking time left to devote to Taiwan .
LANG_ENG The first pilot was rejected by the network , pronounced &quot; too cerebral &quot; .
LANG_ENG A PFS is often an output from one Process that is a required input to another Process .
LANG_ENG It offers excellent fish specialties , traditional dalmatian cousine and excellent various wines .
LANG_ENG I do not know how what position we would have taken had Sir Leon Brittan consulted us beforehand and explained the situation; we might even have agreed .
LANG_ENG Girls and women are still exposed to genital mutilation in many countries , something that is unacceptable . Such violation can lead to serious injury and to actual death .
LANG_ENG Sowing grasses and clover along field borders also helps , as do hedges including rose species .
LANG_ENG 23 I will also make it a a possession for the bittern , and pools of water; and I will sweep it with the besom of destruction , saith the Lord of Hosts .
LANG_ENG The increased interest rates are likely to retard private investment , which lowers future growth in employment and wages .
LANG_ENG Careful examination , however , soon shows up the total ambiguity and imprecise nature of this initiative and the legal loopholes it contains .
LANG_ENG All children under 2 years are charged EUR 5.00 per stay for cots .
LANG_ENG Spacious room , hospitality , cleanliness of the rooms , close to my business center , close to downtown Haarlem etc .
LANG_ENG We provide the best possible instructors who are employed not only for their talent and experience , but also for their great personalities and passion for coaching , to give you local knowledge and the best experience !
LANG_ENG Sites containing illegal content or pornography should always be viewed with maximum suspicion .
LANG_ENG Private parking is possible at a location nearby and costs EUR 75.00 per day .
LANG_ENG How , then , Commissioner , are we to solve these problems ?
LANG_ENG Mr President , Mr Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the Commissioner &apos;s last remark prompts me to follow on straight away , although I actually intended to deal with this as my final point .
LANG_ENG Nobody else around in hundreds of kilometers of rainforest !
LANG_ENG Oliver Gilson did this awesome static rigging at Oslo SusCon 2006 .
LANG_ENG From small budget , simply furnished apartments to luxury ones , all the apartments to share in New York are presented on the Lodgis website and include many photos .
LANG_ENG It comes complete with the software and boosts the speed of video conversion on even the fastest Mac . Learn more about the H.264 accelerator hardware .
LANG_ENG But I think we should have thought of something to make better use of the broad foyers located at the sides of this Chamber .
LANG_ENG I wish to abstain on the report by Mrs Pietikäinen on the collection of statistical information by the European Central Bank .
LANG_ENG We maintain that future negotiations should be conducted thoroughly , without rushing , in order to achieve a balance between the Doha development commitments and the interests of the Union textile and clothing industry .
LANG_ENG Still in category 4 , we have a problem with bananas .
LANG_ENG She was jointly responsible for the planning and management of several major events and coordinated all advertising materials for the division worldwide .
LANG_ENG Bingo Day offers you Bingo &apos; Round the Clock !
LANG_ENG Well , DDD Pool is an excellent simulator of this game which is highly acclaimed and popular with virtual users .
LANG_ENG With a modular EZ Dock on your waterfront , you &apos;ll spend more time enjoying safe , convenient , attractive water access - and less time and money on maintenance .
LANG_ENG In reality , we therefore have two systems that should be amalgamated in one system .
LANG_ENG The current mechanisms for Member State market surveillance cooperation and coordination will also be improved .
LANG_ENG Jaminan harga ini berlaku untuk semua barang tahan lama dengan harga dibawah 10 Euro . Tidak berlaku bagi penawaran khusus , barang-barang segar yang harus disimpan dingin dan harga grosir .
LANG_ENG As incomes in China grow , imports from other low or middle-income countries rise faster than imports from high-wage countries .
LANG_ENG The goals that the airlines set themselves for improving efficiency must be achieved , and the aviation industry must not be able to simply buy its way out .
LANG_ENG Citizens from the European Union and most of the industrialized countries do not need a Visa for entering Spain . If you are not from an EU country or Switzerland and want to study in Spain for more than 90 days , you should apply for a study permit .
LANG_ENG This should be carried out calmly and the disabled people made to feel welcome . Moreover , we were astonished by the brutality of the police in beating up journalists who were drawing attention to an extremely serious issue regarding the provision of access and assistance for disabled people .
LANG_ENG A low % run does not restrict the usage of items you are forced to obtain .
LANG_ENG Those who prefer a larger monitor can connect the Panasonic TZ7 to a large screen via the built-in HDMI interface .
LANG_ENG This is now the second test of the annual procedure under the Treaty of Lisbon .
LANG_ENG We now have enough clarity and information about the situation . The measures proposed must ultimately be put into practice with the help of a specific timetable and a coordinating committee of the Member States .
LANG_ENG The trend towards 2-3 roomed apartments has remained unaffected; the trend towards 4-6 roomed apartments is even increasing .
LANG_ENG I &apos;m trying to send a character over UART in the 0x80 to 0xff range of my font to an InternalRAM String , but it is not displaying correctly , what do I do ?
LANG_ENG The question that you raise with regard to development projects is becoming an increasingly across-the-board one .
LANG_ENG ID: PDI _ 20100903 _ PDI3052 Credit: Hans Leitner / First Look / picturedesk.com Date: 2010-09-03 Title: Caption: © Hans Leitner / FIRST LOOK - FLO -- &quot; Stöckl am Samstag &quot; , &quot; Glück , Macht , Erfolg ?
LANG_ENG Our real challenge is defence of the Community fleet without taking anti-environmental or anti-European positions .
LANG_ENG In addition to the standard tests for quality control of asphalt courses , we can perform full coverage , non destructive (NDT) density testing of areas by troxler gauge , to ensure optimum quality during laying of the asphalt mixture .
LANG_ENG More entries from other people and other languages can be found if you do a search .
LANG_ENG They harbour ideas of national splendour .
LANG_ENG I myself have represented many children and their parents who struggled to guarantee education for them .
LANG_ENG Firstly , to explain that free trade cannot provide a response to the increasing social inequalities .
LANG_ENG This process is identical during reception .
LANG_ENG These are the very things you have asked priority to be given to .
LANG_ENG Mrs McAvan made some very inspiring remarks .
LANG_ENG Olympus products have long been used by the aerospace industry , allowing quality control , maintenance and troubleshooting tasks to be performed with the minimum downtime , while maximizing safety , efficiency and operational time .
LANG_ENG Lukashenko should not be called President in this Chamber either .
LANG_ENG We recommend that you connect your facebook account with your vooch user account .
LANG_ENG Although the ECB does not have to deal with direct legislative oversight , it is now clear that there are members of its governing board who would oppose higher interest rates , and that there is political pressure from government leaders and finance ministers to keep rates low .
LANG_ENG The Committee on Budgets has given much thought to the use of the Globalisation Fund to overcome the problems resulting from lost jobs .
LANG_ENG For an out of home campaign of the new Mercedes GLK , giant posters in Berlin , Munich and Frankfurt have been equiped with beamzones .
LANG_ENG Le case-vacanze di Cirella sono dotate di giardino e accesso diretto alla spiaggia antistante . Tutti gli appartamenti che vi offriamo sono in buone condizioni di abitabilità , con impianti igienico-sanitari in perfetto stato , in ordine nell &apos;arredamento e completi del dovuto necessario per un confortevole soggiorno .
LANG_ENG Once again this year , c / o pops popular display area offers selected professionals of the creative industries an attractive platform and a display turntable for presentation and dialogue , vision and business .
LANG_ENG We have for some time been making preparations for the Treaty " s implementation , in order that it may become operational at once following what we hope will be its successful ratification .
LANG_ENG Moreover , there is deepening concern about two types of energy-related security problems: the increasing risk of violence stemming from the nature of our energy use , and the high cost of that energy .
LANG_ENG &quot; The Flourishing Pear-tree &quot; , in three variants , each time different and each time just as fresh of feeling and with a delicate key , is seen by us as the convincing manifestation of his sedate technical mastery , high-minded on a pure poetic emotion .
LANG_ENG Due to several players telling us that the date of the live Casting Call was not convenient for them - as it falls on Easter weekend - we have decided to change the date of the Casting Call to 3 / 28 to 03 / 30 .
LANG_ENG Growth must be thought of not as a desired and expected - although far from guaranteed - result of stability , but as an economic objective in itself .
LANG_ENG But Spanish unemployment has typically been consistently higher than the eurozone average , and fell to single-digit levels only as a result of an unsustainable building boom .
LANG_ENG An approach aiming at a translational multipolarity is able to cast off binary constraints on perception and thought .
LANG_ENG In the United States they see the generic medicine sector as an important job creator .
LANG_ENG However , we have avoided a coronation and we have had a debate .
LANG_ENG This item is now entered as the first item on today &apos; s agenda .
LANG_ENG Another question may seem more parochial to some but is of equal significance globally: what are we to make of the differences between Europe and America that have become so manifest in the Iraq debate ?
LANG_ENG We are pleased that we can concur with the rapporteur on his statements on the need to uphold human rights and civil liberties .
LANG_ENG The reader has backside mounting holes which makes it suitable for the integration into various housings .
LANG_ENG These agreements pave the way for ever closer political cooperation between Europe and Latin America . Perhaps we shall then be in a better position to set our own course .
LANG_ENG An individual setting can be made for each form and each page of a pageframe in the VFX - Form Builders .
LANG_ENG What is the Commission " s view of this or similar suggestions ?
LANG_ENG direct uses ilink TeamCall to link Mac and telephone system .
LANG_ENG Based on new theory and experience , we may eventually conclude that policy responses to systemic risk are impossible to devise , and that the costs of the AWF errors are higher than the RWT errors .
LANG_ENG Generally , the processes for ratifying European treaties too often look like sagas or Pyrrhic victories .
LANG_ENG You can prune the tree at a given level for all branches , or you can prune only one given branch .
LANG_ENG The Refugee Dilemma
LANG_ENG For our financial help to flow and reconstruction really to start , we need an instrument other than the PHARE programme , which , for its implementation on the recipients &apos; side , assumes structures which do not yet exist and will not exist for a long time .
LANG_ENG We ask the Commission and the Council to do everything possible to fulfil this hope .
LANG_ENG 10 Behold , I am Jesus Christ , whom the prophets testified shall come into the world .
LANG_ENG There is also now a paper by the British Prime Minister and German Chancellor , and Mr Aznar , the President of the Council , has no doubt followed it sympathetically .
LANG_ENG Instability can be caused by borderline (emotionally unstable) syndrome , with rapidly changing emotions , or by bipolar syndrome , with swings between manic and depressed states , or by the menstrual cycle in women .
LANG_ENG Therefore , I think we should expect Turkey to make a greater effort in this area .
LANG_ENG Hotel Europa is a new establishment located in Ancona &apos;s Torrette district , near the sea , the regional hospital and the university .
LANG_ENG The International Balzan Foundation was founded in 1956 , when Angela Lina Balzan , inspired by her father Eugenio Balzan " s intentions , decided that the considerable inheritance left to her at his death should be used for an institution in honour of his memory .
LANG_ENG Lusu Mission - mission in Zambia by the river of Zambezi founded in May 2003 .
LANG_ENG 3 And again , let it be divided into lots , according to wisdom , for the benefit of those who seek a inheritances , as it shall be determined in council among you .
LANG_ENG I therefore hope that certain MEPs from the right , including , surprisingly , some Hungarian MEPs , will not succeed in their endeavour to prevent the creation of a Directive to protect the interests of Hungarian agriculture and the environment .
LANG_ENG Recent events in Belgium have shown that BSE can occur in states which felt they were free of it and that mistakes can be made in analysis and in the final destiny of the carcasses concerned .
LANG_ENG Let me conclude by focusing on the motion for a resolution on the European integration process of Serbia as a well-prepared contribution to today &apos;s political debate .
LANG_ENG I believe that the three amendments the Commission has accepted are the right ones .
LANG_ENG On Rules 2 , 5 and 119 of the Rules of Procedure .
LANG_ENG Search engine optimization is a significant part of a successful online marketing campaign .
LANG_ENG Is there a restaurant in the hotel ?
LANG_ENG Are we also considering , within the southern corridor , the White Stream (Caspian-Georgia-Black Sea-Ukraine-Romania) project ?
LANG_ENG We reject the fact that this pretext is once again being used so that public money can be employed to bolster private profits .
LANG_ENG If so , how is this to be achieved ?
LANG_ENG More than 90% of the active substances are to be inhaled .
LANG_ENG For the moment one stops seeing the terrorist attacks of 2001 as a purely religious statement , one is forced to confront the elephant in the room: the attacks were , in essence , a political statement .
LANG_ENG For the fans , not to buy them .
LANG_ENG In financial year 2008 the Group achieved revenues of 128.9 million euros .
LANG_ENG All rooms are surrounded by a forest .
LANG_ENG Through us you have the possibility of renting one of our bicycles or motor- scooters so that you can explore Berlin at your own pace .
LANG_ENG In the aftermath of yet another war , French soldiers picked up this variation from their English prisoners but , maintaining their linguistic independence , used the French word &apos; crabes &apos; .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG The 3-star superior hotel is set on the bank of the River Lahn near the spa gardens .
LANG_ENG  (DE) Mr President , I refer to the relevant rule of the Rules of Procedure .
LANG_ENG That notwithstanding , I am of the opinion that , in its cooperation with third countries in the energy sector , the European Union should only make use of sustainable , green and safe energy sources - in keeping with its climate protection targets .
LANG_ENG A second example I would like to take , because you place a great deal of emphasis on it in your paper , is energy policy .
LANG_ENG It will be also streamed to the Goethe SIM in SL , starting 6pm CEST , 5pm local time .
LANG_ENG The multiannual guidance programmes proposed by the Commission make a lot of sense .
LANG_ENG I want to thank Mr Corbett and Mr Méndez de Vigo for producing a really good report , which will prepare this House for dialogue with our partners in the national parliaments and the citizens of twenty-five countries .
LANG_ENG A lot of time and energy went into it . It was approved by a resolution in plenary on 4 October this year , yet the initial document put before us did not even refer to it .
LANG_ENG on behalf of the ALDE Group . - (FI) Madam President , first of all I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Schmitt , for this report .
LANG_ENG The creation of delegations with a regional scope is not an acceptable alternative to the closure of delegations in countries such as Cape Verde or Costa Rica .
LANG_ENG This period of training can be credited to trainees if they enter the dual system , shortening the length of training in this system .
LANG_ENG It is the latest in a whole succession of human rights abuses in Pakistan: growing religious intolerance - which we have just been hearing elsewhere in the world - the lack of a fair trial , so-called honour killings of women , child imprisonment and so on .
LANG_ENG I would like to reply with my own thanks for excellent work and constructive cooperation with the European Parliament .
LANG_ENG It is extremely important for Members of this House to visit Afghanistan , see for themselves what is going on and give their support to the early stages of the democratic process in that country .
LANG_ENG However , we were not mistaken when we argued that Communism was not a mere dead end of Western rationalism .
LANG_ENG Let me remind you that this heritage is not only about sites , but also about intangible cultural heritage .
LANG_ENG There is a wide spectrum of splints and immobilization sets on board .
LANG_ENG There are over 300 qualified ski instructors in the Baqueira Beret resort .
LANG_ENG This 3 * hotel has a total of 45 rooms at your disposition . Each one with it ' s own terrace , full bathroom , telephone and heating .
LANG_ENG The path is easy to follow and every three hours (max) you will arrive upon a small village with lodges and restaurants .
LANG_ENG What was distinctive this time was that the new borrowing was concentrated in housing .
LANG_ENG His career began in the financial department at LKW Walter International AG and continued with the sales organization at Prisma Kreditversicherungs AG .
LANG_ENG Created in 1997 , NetImage is a company devoted to design and development of electronic image applications and its related activities .
LANG_ENG Request your no-obligation holiday offer now for your winter holiday at Hotel Elisabeth , in Austria &apos;s Tyrolean mountains .
LANG_ENG In the future , we will have to press for these derogations to be as limited as possible .
LANG_ENG Mr. Sison , however , has not received any compensation so far .
LANG_ENG 9.7% of the children in the European Union aged between 0 and 17 are part of a family with no income .
LANG_ENG Services the competition will never offer you !
LANG_ENG Claims for excess or short deliveries of up to 10% of the number of copies ordered are excluded .
LANG_ENG Mr Harbour says we have not done it yet but I would say to him that this is the first stage .
LANG_ENG Childer to 4 , who sleep in one bed with parents - free of charge !
LANG_ENG I have not heard that suggestion before , but it is an important point and I will certainly investigate it when I am there .
LANG_ENG • Do they invest in their Human Resources ?
LANG_ENG Every time you purchase any of our games , you receive a discount code .
LANG_ENG Adapting European standards to Russian conditions can now be viewed as a set of medium-term strategic targets - institutional objectives to be achieved within the next 10-15 years .
LANG_ENG That is very positive .
LANG_ENG Therefore , the more concise we can be , the more possibility there will be of ending the debate before 7.15 p.m.
LANG_ENG Located in the heart of beautiful Sofia , opposite the National Palace of Culture surrounded by the South Park and overlooking the Vitosha Mountain , this is a landmark property .
LANG_ENG A word of warning to the latter: this policy needs substantial democratic legitimisation .
LANG_ENG I would draw the attention of the Commission to the problem of the recognition of wool as an agricultural product . I do so in order to prevent the wool production sector rapidly following the textile industry into crisis .
LANG_ENG But this , not carbon emissions , should be the core of their climate change policy .
LANG_ENG Luggage space: Space is provided to store your luggage 24 hours .
LANG_ENG Service staff very attentive and helpful .
LANG_ENG Of his 16 rooms , 12 have view balconies , includes hearty buffet breakfast .
LANG_ENG Open the synce-trayicon View device status screen and click on the Applications tab .
LANG_ENG Aydan Murtezaoglu &apos;s investigation of social reality brings to light equivocal factors and ambiguities that disclose new , open-ended avenues of reflection .
LANG_ENG 117 apprentices from nine states represented at this year &apos;s federal apprentice competition for tourism professionals at the GAST 2010 show off their skills .
LANG_ENG Strengthened by Ireland " s ratification of the Lisbon Treaty , the European Union , it is argued , may now be on the verge of becoming a global superpower .
LANG_ENG Our debates during these two days include the Smet report on working time and the Menrad reports on employment policy in the Member States in 1999 and 2000 .
LANG_ENG I come from an Objective 1 region that would lose its status for statistical reasons if we strictly observed the 75% criterion , and yet I am convinced that generous phasing out would make it possible for that region to solve its development problems .
LANG_ENG Setting up this kind of systematic competence management also helps businesses rise to the challenges associated with the increasing integration of production workflows in transnational value-creation processes .
LANG_ENG Where does that get us ?
LANG_ENG Mr President , firstly I should like to offer my sincerest thanks to the two rapporteurs , Mr Azzolini and Mrs Riis-Jørgensen .
LANG_ENG Renting of motorbikes and mountainbikes in La Gomera ...
LANG_ENG Finally , in relation to economic matters he says &apos; we do not support the existing text of Article 13 , we do not support tax harmonisation , we have a unanimity lock on these proposals through the use of a veto . &apos;
LANG_ENG You can find additional modules in the Drupal modules download section .
LANG_ENG I wrote my notes for this both as to time or because I had a little &apos; problems and difficulties in finding the solution !
LANG_ENG Yesterday we had a discussion with representatives of the High Commissioner for former Yugoslavia and it seems that , regarding the spending of the money , there are serious problems , particularly with regard to the development of land for housing .
LANG_ENG So we find ourselves , as in 1997 , in sympathy with Member States who are having to cut back on expenditure to meet the Maastricht criteria for the single currency .
LANG_ENG Located at the heart of the old town , this Riad invites you to benefit from the serenity which emerges from this old house completely renovated .
LANG_ENG Only the tonnage specified on the official prescription should be manufactured .
LANG_ENG On error , -1 is returned , and errno is set appropriately .
LANG_ENG The Commission recognised all those arguments from previous discussions in other fora .
LANG_ENG Twenty-five Heads of State or Government have recognised the necessity of applying the Stability and Growth Pact flexibly to allow adjustments to be made to economic cycles .
LANG_ENG Tip: Due to huge list of &quot; ... appraisal and valuation ... &quot; related keyword pages listed on this page , use the &quot; Find in Page &quot; function below .
LANG_ENG Across Europe , not just in the United Kingdom and not just in Scotland , all governments are facing a challenge .
LANG_ENG  (The sitting was suspended at 10.10 a.m. pending voting time , and resumed at 10.35 a.m.) 
LANG_ENG Ability to define section necessary for a given place with the account not only works , but also beauty - one of the main components of joiner &apos;s art .
LANG_ENG If you are creative , used to work with a high degree of personal responsibility and would like to do your bit to the future of online-business , the following lines might be interesting for you .
LANG_ENG The whole family group starts together , skiers and snowboarders alike .
LANG_ENG Should we add detection for Norton Internet Security 2006 and 2007 as Malware or Possibly UnPopular Software (PUPS)?
LANG_ENG In that respect , the analysis of the situation in Turkey has not materially changed since we concluded the Customs Union with her .
LANG_ENG Relieves heavy legs , restless legs , hot flashes , back pain , and more .
LANG_ENG What are your comments on that suggestion , and could you convey that idea to the President ?
LANG_ENG Description of activities: Leading developer of patented dynamic pricing software that is integrated with Web services for hoteliers .
LANG_ENG Want an overview of the Costa Brava ?
LANG_ENG Each board administrator can allow or disallow certain attachment types .
LANG_ENG &quot; Dwelling &quot; of all the formalities in the end today , took the key group looking office across the street , sleeping in here is lucky enough to get a glimpse into a high-rise office in the passion ?
LANG_ENG You need only read today " s newspapers to learn of transatlantic talks on that very subject .
LANG_ENG A very warm welcome to our small family run guesthouse !
LANG_ENG A sum of two semitones is called tone (eg , do-re) intervals exist major , minor , fair , augmented and diminished .
LANG_ENG He questions the concept of specialization , calls for a design revolution of innovation , and offers advice on how to guide " spaceship earth " toward a sustainable future .
LANG_ENG I hope that it is not left to the Council either .
LANG_ENG Mr Prodi and Prime Minister Verhofstadt will refer to the Council decision in May this year calling for the total alleviation of all remaining special loans granted to the least-developed countries under the first , second and third Lomé Conventions .
LANG_ENG The WCC helps to bring churches together in common prayer , shared spirituality and theological reflection .
LANG_ENG Since I have had no opportunity to ask him , I have to rely on his memoirs , The Age of Turbulence , for clues .
LANG_ENG In co-operation with an authorised common carrier , we also carry out the transportation of dangerous goods .
LANG_ENG In doing so , we can update the cohesion policy to include it in a new agenda: that of Lisbon .
LANG_ENG  (DE) Madam President , I have a question for Mr Strejček .
LANG_ENG After reducing of the temperature the retort is disconnected off the refrigeration complex pipeline , and unloaded from the oven . The other retort with raw materials can be installed into the oven .
LANG_ENG With the EGO , North Sails brought a completely new breed of wave sails on the market that can and do deliver more than regular wave sails .
LANG_ENG We also believe it is vital that there is a monitoring and evaluation procedure that will take into account the extent to which the Foundation has achieved the aims and objectives that are set out for it and has carried out the annual and three-year rolling programmes .
LANG_ENG It seems that Bangladesh is the nice guy around and we certainly should recognise this as a fact and we should relate to Bangladesh in that perspective .
LANG_ENG  (The sitting was closed at 12.50 p.m.) 
LANG_ENG However , existing legislation is too complicated and complex , as a result of which , to date , this market segment has been far too much hidden from the benefits of the internal market .
LANG_ENG This mechanism has helped to make the agri-food sector more dynamic and to preserve traditional production methods , providing consumers with high quality products .
LANG_ENG Every nation has the right to enact regulations to ensure that taxes are imposed efficiently with the assent of the people &apos;s representatives .
LANG_ENG In order to sustain existing business and to capitalize on emerging opportunities , the Serbian Post selected S &amp; T Serbia to implement SAP in order to support its enterprise-wide business transformation strategy aimed at improving its delivery quality and thus increasing revenue .
LANG_ENG Following a painless operation , patients like to relax in the recovery room enjoying a small breakfast of &quot; coffee and croissants &quot; provided by the clinic before starting out on their way home .
LANG_ENG The discrimination against some Israeli citizens is increasing; they are persecuted , denied certain rights because they are Arab Israelis .
LANG_ENG I too wish to thank the Council of Ministers for its comprehensive answer , but I should nonetheless like the Council to be more specific .
LANG_ENG . My congratulations and heartfelt thanks go to Mr Berlusconi , whose six-month presidency of the Council started in such spectacular fashion in this Chamber in July 2003 and led to the fiasco in Brussels at the weekend .
LANG_ENG Recent reviews of all shops and restaurants in Oberndorf in Tirol .
LANG_ENG A. The Airfare is valid on Air China (CA) and Shanghai Airlines (FM) flights within the Mainland of China .
LANG_ENG Proved successful in applications worldwide: the linear batcher RD 26 series .
LANG_ENG Since its inception , KSB has carved out a reputation as a successful and independent law firm , fully able to compete with international law firms .
LANG_ENG Cocoa (theobroma cocoa) is a member of the sterculiaceae plants . With its special need for warmth and humidity , this plant flourishes exclusively in only a few tropical countries that offer the perfect climatic conditions , allowing it to reach a maximum height of 4-15c.m.
LANG_ENG London theatres , Piccadilly and Covent Garden are just 10 minutes from the hotel .
LANG_ENG North America is one of the biggest volume markets for high-grade flat carbon steel .
LANG_ENG Camaleón Sports is an active tourism outlet in Andalusia .
LANG_ENG Fine brocade curtains and carpets provide a warm contrast to a light-filled ambience created by the high ceilings and large windows .
LANG_ENG This proposal for amendment , which has the strong support of only a few countries , is aimed at reducing certain disparities between Member States &apos; legislation , which risk causing distortions in competitiveness and unequal access to the road transport market .
LANG_ENG Skype is allowed at its sole discretion to assign these API Terms or any rights hereunder to any third party , without giving prior notice .
LANG_ENG While this was happening , in recent months , the Treaty of Lisbon has come into force .
LANG_ENG I believe that this is a report which displays both faith in the future and purpose .
LANG_ENG To that end , the Commission has proposed to establish a responsibility mechanism within the Union .
LANG_ENG But travelers " recent experiences in the US should give security officials elsewhere good reason to avoid implementing similar policies .
LANG_ENG In other words , there is never any sign of public accountability for the crimes committed .
LANG_ENG Amendment No 4 is designed to eliminate what is currently known as the &apos; development risk &apos; , based on the state of scientific and technical knowledge , as one of the reasons for granting a producer exemption from liability .
LANG_ENG dvdisaster is available for recent versions of the FreeBSD , GNU / Linux , Mac OS X (Darwin), NetBSD and Windows operating systems .
LANG_ENG This programme , though improved in the negotiations , also has weaknesses of course .
LANG_ENG So this debate is taking place at least five years late , and yet the revision proposed by the Commission , which ought to guarantee both the welfare of the animals and the quality of the product , is not at all satisfactory .
LANG_ENG The choice made at Helsinki to set up one of the first units of a European army is heading in the right direction and must be supported by Parliament , in the hope that the initiative will not stop at this first step .
LANG_ENG That requires that any obstacle to the free movement of citizens , to the mobility of workers and to the professions in the single European market be eliminated .
LANG_ENG We offer comfortable and bright rooms which house a bathroom and double or twin beds .
LANG_ENG Fully furnished and equipped perfect for families or groups of friends . Love grass yard with trees and parking for 2 cars .
LANG_ENG In different Member States of the European Union , very different methods are used for identifying potential donors .
LANG_ENG Please send an email to our support department and include the name of the existing group you would like to request .
LANG_ENG Bids made by telephone will be carried out for the bidder by a person present in the auction house &#91; telephonist &#93;; these calls may be recorded by Hampel .
LANG_ENG In case of overnight stay with breakfast a 9 euros reduction will be applied .
LANG_ENG Participation in a clinical seminar on subject &quot; Image diagnostics of tooth and periodontal trouble &quot; .
LANG_ENG I would really like to know whether the Commissioner agrees that we could go for lower targets or whether we should stick to the current ones .
LANG_ENG From someone who does not come from the Mediterranean , therefore , my sincere thanks to you .
LANG_ENG When the creditor , within twenty days , does not make use of that power , then proceed to lift the embargo , at the request of the debtor .
LANG_ENG Based on our last projections for this year , we will have at the end of this year , after 12 years of the euro , inflation at a yearly average of 1.95% .
LANG_ENG Agriculture is still Europe &apos; s main industry , with agriculture and forestry being responsible for our cultural heritage , our recreation and biodiversity .
LANG_ENG The mouse pointer changes to a crosshair with a camera symbol , and the frame of the selected image is displayed around the pointer .
LANG_ENG In the Bugtraq database (at SecurityFocus): BugTraq ID 18034 .
LANG_ENG Firefox gives you the tools to make smart choices .
LANG_ENG We therefore believe that we have missed a good opportunity to encourage bi-regional relations that make it possible to enhance the many dimensions of those relations and ensure the sustainable human development of the Andean and the Central American peoples .
LANG_ENG In this regard , I share the criticism of the Committee on Legal Affairs .
LANG_ENG The guidelines maintain the tone set by the Commission , including some of the comments made by this Parliament in the report presented by Mr García-Margallo y Marfil .
LANG_ENG I would agree with and support Mr Macartney on this issue .
LANG_ENG The Commission also proposes that the implementation of the measures in the Member States should cease to be compulsory and become optional .
LANG_ENG At the same time , the well-known ultimate goal of the Iranian Government is already not a distant one .
LANG_ENG Both shells are interconnected by a clamp system which allows for easy adjustment to suit each individual patient .
LANG_ENG This shift towards the GNP resource can undoubtedly be viewed with mixed feelings .
LANG_ENG Please consult its manpage for more details .
LANG_ENG Jerusalem would thus be completely cut off from the West Bank .
LANG_ENG In many ways , this is the story of the 20th century .
LANG_ENG Surely , in the first instance , during a disaster .
LANG_ENG The beautiful city centre resembles Paris with its avenues lined with trees and its abundant squares evoking a faded and seductive elegance .
LANG_ENG The cooling devices on them can function smoothly even under desert type tropical weather conditions .
LANG_ENG ... use the full text search option to search for &quot; SINUMERIK 840Di &quot; at Motion Control Systems !
LANG_ENG But I have come to the conclusion that it was in fact quite clever timing .
LANG_ENG This character from Disney " s " Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs " stands moodily with a faceted clear crystal body , an unfaceted face , and Jet crystal eyes set in matt clear crystal .
LANG_ENG We need to use them .
LANG_ENG Only when interest rates recently began to rise a bit did the government finally - and promptly - implement an austerity program , with the approval of all political parties .
LANG_ENG Greater availability , quality and efficiency for plate mills and Steckel mills .
LANG_ENG Who now decides what is legitimate and what is illicit in Islam ?
LANG_ENG His costume from the episode { { e &#124; Rules of Acquisition } } was sold off on the &#91; &#91; It &apos;s A Wrap ! sale and auction &#93; &#93; on eBay .
LANG_ENG Outstanding commitments amount to EUR 12 000 million in the case of external aid and to nearly 3 000 million in the case of the new pre-accession instruments .
LANG_ENG Mr Costa has proposed changes aimed at simplification , such as transferring Article 14 of Annex VII to the directive on interoperability .
LANG_ENG I would like him to bear that in mind .
LANG_ENG All this and many more advantages of our Resort make it possible to spend marvellous time with family and friends .
LANG_ENG Hilary Erhard Duff (born September 28 , 1987) is an American actress and singer - songwriter .
LANG_ENG The international community should give preference to countries that have the most clear-cut commitments to Education for All .
LANG_ENG A poem ... (So much so that many singers have a song , some even have been inspired to find a group name , like &quot; I MUVRINI &quot; ...).
LANG_ENG We frequently inform those listed of market novelties in Asturforesta , new exhibitors , activities , etc . Bu without any doubt our electronic bulletin board is of great interest to all .
LANG_ENG Commercial butter is about 80% butterfat and 15% water; traditionally-made butter may have as little as 65% fat and 30% water .
LANG_ENG We will combine that with reforming the way we work internally , in order to become more professional , more open , more transparent and more democratic .
LANG_ENG Finally , question 6: The technical description of the building will be legally binding and there will be legal guarantees for the quality delivered .
LANG_ENG Secretarial services , guides , car rental and taxi service are available for both groups and individuals .
LANG_ENG The hotel restaurant uses local produce for all meals .
LANG_ENG Rather than evolving eukaryotic organelle s slowly , this theory offers a mechanism for a sudden evolutionary leap by incorporating the genetic material and biochemical composition of a separate species .
LANG_ENG He drew a line in the sand .
LANG_ENG I know , Commissioner , that you are doing everything possible to bring this proposal to fruition as quickly as possible and it is very important that you do so .
LANG_ENG The Council of Ministers was able , quite justifiably , to refuse this since , as I have said , there was no legal basis for such expenditure .
LANG_ENG All children under 2 years are charged DKK 50.00 per night and person for cots .
LANG_ENG But what it lacks , above all - especially in terms of achieving acceptance - is transparency in almost every policy area .
LANG_ENG Without accurate knowledge of the rules you can not have a fair chance of winning .
LANG_ENG It is right that the 49 poorest countries in the world should get open access to our markets for everything but their arms .
LANG_ENG Restaurant , Bar , 24-Hour Front Desk , Terrace , Non-Smoking Rooms , Rooms / Facilities for Disabled Guests , Elevator , Express Check-In / Check-Out , Safety Deposit Box , Soundproofed Rooms , Heating , Luggage Storage , Shops in Hotel , Gay Friendly , Airconditioning .
LANG_ENG On route the ferry stops in Helsingborg (Sweden).
LANG_ENG These days we are thinking about defending our civilisation .
LANG_ENG The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy thinks a dialogue is necessary , but does not believe it is that particular dialogue that Economic and Monetary Union needs .
LANG_ENG The Romanian Government must therefore carry on making the greatest possible effort in this and other areas .
LANG_ENG As the Commission has said in Agenda 2000 , it is probably premature to discuss the details before the process of ratifying the Treaty of Amsterdam has been completed .
LANG_ENG One of these rights is the free movement of goods .
LANG_ENG DMP created both online and offline interactive 3D model of the multipurpose SAZKA ARENA .
LANG_ENG Dr. Carl von Schubert , who now runs the business , comes from the fifth generation of the family . His doctoral thesis examined the economy of viticulture on steep slopes .
LANG_ENG You can choose whether you want no information , basic information or a detailed display while shooting .
LANG_ENG Interestingly , however , Hamas " s election platform combined different approaches to the issue of a Palestinian state .
LANG_ENG In the spring of 2006 the Commission organised a public consultation on the need to take other measures at EU level to encourage active inclusion of those farthest removed from the job markets .
LANG_ENG Yellow and red filters are always used in traditional black &amp; white photography to darken skies and plants , while the green filter lightens fields and foliage .
LANG_ENG The Client is obliged to accept the interpreting in the term and in the way stated in the Order .
LANG_ENG The violations of human rights are destabilising the situation in the North Caucasus , are prolonging the conflict , are reducing the chances for its resolution and are , in fact , creating support for underground terrorist activity .
LANG_ENG  (PL) Mr President , the main aim of the Lisbon Strategy is to increase the competitiveness of national economies .
LANG_ENG All prices are gross including the german VAT .
LANG_ENG The rooms are designed with the use of natural materials - even in bathroom - warm , earthly colours , a fan over the wide bed , and a large desk below the window .
LANG_ENG Israelis cannot dominate another people and live in a democratic state in keeping with Zionist ideals unless they &quot; free &quot; themselves of the territories and aim at the coexistence of two states with recognized borders and good neighborly relations .
LANG_ENG In order for South America to catch up with rich countries , if the latter stopped growing , only in the year 2177 they would be on equal terms , according to BBC World .
LANG_ENG How can we negotiate with Porfirio Lobo Sosa &apos;s putschist government in Honduras and then claim to be guardians of the rule of law and human rights ?
LANG_ENG The means Whilst respect and observation of nature is always present in our work , it is no longer sufficient to simply apply age-old techniques .
LANG_ENG Xilisoft iPod Rip has a simple , intuitive interface .
LANG_ENG Please make your selection prior to the shot .
LANG_ENG It is progress that there have been arrests of people suspected of planning a coup or of involvement in political assassinations: the Ergenekon affair .
LANG_ENG Click here to take advantage of this offer .
LANG_ENG We conclude that it has improved over recent years; the most likely errors for the whole budget are decreasing .
LANG_ENG Operation Cast Lead left more than a thousand victims among the inhabitants of Gaza , compared to thirteen victims among the Israeli armed forces .
LANG_ENG It operates since 1997 as an organisational unit of the university .
LANG_ENG This definition opens up the category for metallic polymers and other organic metals , which have been made by researchers and employed in high-tech devices .
LANG_ENG PostCertificate - newly exclusively " qualified " according to the Swiss Electronic Signature Act Since April 15 , 2009 PostCertificates for individuals are newly available exclusively " qualified " according ...
LANG_ENG Communication errors can have far-reaching consequences and are expensive .
LANG_ENG In this by God forgotten and by tourist much favored area we offer you a peaceful rest in any of our rooms , apartments or bungalows .
LANG_ENG We are also working to solve the problem of slots and other problems , but there is a time and a place for everything .
LANG_ENG That need has been recognised by almost all sides across the House .
LANG_ENG Is it not our citizens who govern our society , or is it ourselves , sitting here and fashioning democracy ?
LANG_ENG In autumn 2000 , the first Swiss Statistical Meeting with support by the SSS took place in St. Gall .
LANG_ENG So , as the Obama administration struggles to implement its smart-power strategy in the current revolutionary conditions of the Middle East , it is worth noting that the US is not alone in confronting the difficulties of combining hard and soft power successfully .
LANG_ENG All in all , Mr President of the Commission , even after what my fellow members have said , I see a need for extensive discussion and I offer you Parliament &apos;s and my personal assistance .
LANG_ENG As you surely understand this is reserved for our customers .
LANG_ENG It is situated 8 kilometers to the northeast from Novi Vinodolski and it lies on a plateau .
LANG_ENG Vice-President of the Commission . - The new Treaty , already agreed but not yet signed , does not include any general provision authorising the transmission of personal data of European citizens to third countries .
LANG_ENG All the food production sectors , like the consumers themselves , have understood the full import of this drive to clarify matters .
LANG_ENG This is how , in 2010 , the Herend Porcelain Manufactory celebrates and commemorates its popular motif and the first customer who ordered it .
LANG_ENG Millions die each year because they lack access to medicines , food , safe drinking water , and basic sanitation .
LANG_ENG It has made an illegal situation legal .
LANG_ENG We are then using EU law to prohibit a democratically elected institution such as a city or a municipality from deciding to introduce , or continue with , an environmentally friendly purchasing policy .
LANG_ENG The customize toolbar dialog can be a learning experience .
LANG_ENG So now enjoy the latest photos from the trip I made into the nature - you will like it , I am sure .
LANG_ENG RCS Community is a moderated web discussion group that provides a forum for discussion , tips , technical support issues and friendly banter focused on improving your user experience with RCS products .
LANG_ENG At the new logistics and processing center , ThyssenKrupp Aerospace will annually saw and mill some 14,000 tonnes of aluminum sheets .
LANG_ENG Use this application to completely uninstall EyeConnect .
LANG_ENG If we can do all these things , then we will meet our priorities and , more importantly , we can show the citizens of Europe that this Parliament is relevant .
LANG_ENG Barack Obama says that America " stands with " those who support free assembly .
LANG_ENG State-of-the-art security technology ensures that all data transferred remains strictly confidential .
LANG_ENG We are talking about circular migration .
LANG_ENG Bike clothes hang thick from the balconies and beer flows alongside the Enervit .
LANG_ENG The second cable-car goes from the Kräbel stop on the Arth-Rigi railway line up to the Rigi-Scheidegg plateau .
LANG_ENG At this popular visit , the press could not be missing .
LANG_ENG August 2006 , shows scenes of the nature around the house and the beginning of the Open Sky House: cleaning , cooking , making music , dancing , painting and Satsang .
LANG_ENG Now you should see the start page of XAMPP containing some links to check the status of the installed software and some small programming examples .
LANG_ENG Work continues to improve the technical aspects of certain weapons so that they do not continue to be a threat to local civilians after a conflict has ended .
LANG_ENG Please contact us for further information .
LANG_ENG keep out of the reach of children; In case of eye contact rinse thoroughly with pure water .
LANG_ENG It seems odd , therefore , that , in certain countries , MEPs refer to themselves as " honourable " .
LANG_ENG Local governments and state-owned enterprises do not necessarily have those concerns .
LANG_ENG This stylish hotel is in Marylebone , less than 800 metres from Oxford Street and Bond Street London Underground Station .
LANG_ENG Throughout the summer and particularly during the Fete Votive in July , you can watch the bulls being run through the streets and enjoy music and dancing until the small hours .
LANG_ENG The Presidency will keep you informed about progress in the talks that are underway in the Council .
LANG_ENG It is extraordinary to suggest that the financial regulators , the most criticised public institutions in most Member States - they always get the blame when banks fail - should help determine whether information has been fairly presented .
LANG_ENG Several of the accusations were subsequently dropped , but Magellan fell into disfavor at the court of the new king , Manuel I .
LANG_ENG Important that the athlete himself felt his body and that he had with whom to consult .
LANG_ENG In the Workgroup field , you can enter your workgroup name .
LANG_ENG By foot it &apos;s only a few minutes to go to the centre while passing tavernas , shops and the tiny harbour of Plakias .
LANG_ENG You notice immediately that the car drives very differently on this new ground .
LANG_ENG In version 1.8 a lot of images where removed because TWG is using sprites now .
LANG_ENG We must stand firm . Developing countries cannot become shields concealing this aim .
LANG_ENG As Mr Hume , one of my colleagues , said recently in a speech on Northern Ireland: &apos; We are facing days that can only be compared to the Irish famine . &apos;
LANG_ENG Other likely steps include broadening the scope of private insurance policies , so that they cover some risks that generate inequality , such as the loss of the market value of human capital or of one &apos;s home .
LANG_ENG The REACH regulation stipulates an admission procedure for substances of very high concern .
LANG_ENG " Send this page to a friend !
LANG_ENG I believe a parliament &apos;s most fundamental right is to adapt its rules to the constant changes in parliamentary life .
LANG_ENG Amateur Radio meetings Kraljevica 2008th the 12th this weekend and 13 April 2008. the National Center for Technical Culture in Kraljevica .
LANG_ENG Continue up to the Poggibonsi Nord exit (the fifth exit).
LANG_ENG Since 1878 Podgorica has been a part of Montenegro . From 1946 till 1992 it was being a capital .
LANG_ENG Let us also , therefore , discuss women for a change , as opposed to farmers , employers , trade unions , and the like . Let us talk about this large majority whom we wish to make Europe-minded and not frightened of Europe .
LANG_ENG Fully equipped (settees , armchairs , table , cupboards , table , TV dvd , equipped kitchens , shower - WC , gas heating).
LANG_ENG But being a good racer isn " t just about being able to negotiate the slalom gates - it " s also about developing skills in open terrain to the point that they are virtually second nature .
LANG_ENG We are taking trouble to get hold of more addresses .
LANG_ENG Learn more about our events online or report your own event !
LANG_ENG At the same time , however , we must remember that Russia &apos; s leaders are primarily and directly responsible to their own people , the Russians themselves .
LANG_ENG Marked by our students as for French class , , accommodation and activity programme .
LANG_ENG I am sorry , Mr Seppänen , but that is not a point of order and I therefore cannot let you go on .
LANG_ENG Scientists warn that the extreme weather we have witnessed in many countries could be the opening act on our future .
LANG_ENG Books used prior to that were , I am advised , the official textbooks in Jordan and Egypt and were authorised by Israel for the West Bank and Gaza until 1994 at least - after they had been subject to some editorial control .
LANG_ENG By considering a living community sovereign , nationalism implicitly but drastically reduced the relevance of God; even when combined with religion and presented in a religious idiom , it was essentially secular .
LANG_ENG NEW YORK - Children are every country " s most vital resource . This is true not just morally , but also economically .
LANG_ENG I trust , Mr President , that your visit has proven interesting and informative and will enhance our relations in the future .
LANG_ENG Centrifugal forces in the air turbo compressor (impeller outside) the acceleration skid and stacked at the exit of the impeller , the pressure energy into kinetic energy to move allows .
LANG_ENG For New Years Eve the Gala Dinner is obligatory on HB / FB and the charge is 50.00 Euro per person .
LANG_ENG is used primarily to ensure an even distribution of data among a predetermined number of partitions .
LANG_ENG We still do not know , but neither do we know what the elements of that force which would have to be deployed in the initial moments would be .
LANG_ENG Designed by Iria Degen , the Hotel Palace " s Jasper appears purist yet sensual and precious .
LANG_ENG After all , we have , here , the opportunity to help our citizens to both a better environment and new jobs and to help our small businesses .
LANG_ENG The common position of the Council reminds me a little of a Swiss cheese that is full of holes .
LANG_ENG Not the prominent banding and rocks in the dark basal ice of the glacier (July 18th , 2008).
LANG_ENG In case you do not like soldering or changing an older loco model , we can do that for you .
LANG_ENG Beyond that it offers many valuable pieces of advice from practice to you .
LANG_ENG Win money instantly in thrilling casino action 24 hours a day !
LANG_ENG Fully explained step by step solutions of math problems - each solution step is provided with its objective , relevant definition and rule and with the underlying math formula or theorem .
LANG_ENG Late payments in commercial transactions between undertakings , and between undertakings and public authorities , are one of the things currently hampering the recovery of economic growth .
LANG_ENG rapporteur . - Madam President , I think we need to be aware that we are talking about a part of society which is developing extremely rapidly .
LANG_ENG The &quot; build-dep &quot; apt-get method can be used to retrieve all packages needed for a build before compilation is commenced .
LANG_ENG As the rapporteur recommends , it is now time to develop a European judicial culture alongside the national judicial cultures .
LANG_ENG Two-roomed flat with terrace , bedroom , dining / living room with cooking facilities , double sofa bed , bathroom with shower cabin .
LANG_ENG STRAT &amp; GO is completely developed in C # with Microsoft Visual Studio .NET.
LANG_ENG In particular , many NAS use to connect to a landline Gigabit (10 / 100 / 1000).
LANG_ENG The GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft is listed on MDAX stock index (WKN: 660 200 , ISIN: DE0006602006).
LANG_ENG It is relatively simple to make the rich poor , but it is a rather more intelligent , challenging and far-reaching task to make the poor rich .
LANG_ENG Such an invasion of privacy is only permissible on certain conditions .
LANG_ENG However , such policies must form part of a single Community strategy for preventing dangerous market distortions .
LANG_ENG Arrests of journalists , lack of freedom of speech , bans on printing or even speaking under threat of imprisonment or even death , this is a situation that we cannot in any way accept .
LANG_ENG * When the ignition is initially turned on , the gas / petrol engine is turned on and kept running until it is warmed up .
LANG_ENG You know that there are two sorts of diabetes: insulin-dependent diabetes and non-insulin dependent diabetes , which affect respectively children , adolescents , young adults , the middle-aged and the elderly .
LANG_ENG Oliver has specialized in high frequency technology , especially layout , simulation and testing of high frequency circuits and aerials .
LANG_ENG For several years , I have proposed a policy that combines growth and fiscal rectitude .
LANG_ENG Upon first contact with the Ferengi species in 2364 , Troi reported that she could discern neither thoughts nor emotions from them , giving her the initial impression that they could shield those from others .
LANG_ENG Many of those EU countries represented in this House do not pick and choose which race-relation legislation they have - they have none , many of them .
LANG_ENG In order to guarantee fairness , a draw will be held for the karts for all the finalists and the organizer will carry out a weight calibration .
LANG_ENG Just think of Kick Off or Sensible Soccer !
LANG_ENG We very much support the resolution demanding the establishment of detention conditions that conform with international standards .
LANG_ENG The Commission calls upon all the parties involved , and Turkey in particular , to take active steps to bring about a solution before the conclusion of Cyprus &apos;s negotiations for accession to the EU .
LANG_ENG Situated in a quiet area of the town centre near the Masarykovo square , this Art Nouveau-style hotel is one of the most important buildings in Jihlava as regards architectural aspects .
LANG_ENG I will ask you once again , Mr Barroso: when will Mr Šemeta comply with the demand made by this Parliament at the beginning of this year , namely that we want a feasibility study for Europe , too ?
LANG_ENG Roerich " s search for Shambhala was perhaps partly inspired by Grünwedel " s Der Weg nach Shambhala , which contained a translation of The Guidebook to Shambhala (Tib .
LANG_ENG On a cyclically adjusted basis , Greece " s overall budget would show a surplus of 0.6% of GDP this year .
LANG_ENG We had arranged everything so that we could avoid having it mixed up with the solemn celebration of the accession of the new Member States , but your services have not been helpful in verifying the signatures , which have , for all that , been available since yesterday .
LANG_ENG Ambassador Gav was a prominent Federation representative from Tellar .
LANG_ENG He should then sit for the last Tashahhud , and after its recitation , he should conclude his Prayer by making the Tasleem .
LANG_ENG For example , Mark and Ardo van Rangelrooij are on the Entity Resolution Technical Committee , which is presently working on the XML Catalogs specification .
LANG_ENG I do not think there will be any problem about including this for the first October part-session .
LANG_ENG Is there that much spam in these comments or do so many people really have such great difficulties reading ?
LANG_ENG Initially , I was confronted with a situation in which the Community was directly involved in Euronews . It was involved in the management of the company and was therefore also affected by the implications of everything put out by Euronews .
LANG_ENG The most important aspect on the day of the celebrations was the weather but we were very lucky , the rain clouds were gone and our event had every chance of being a success - which it was .
LANG_ENG Integration of new children and youths with physical , visual or hearing disability in different grades of the public school .
LANG_ENG The commercial revenues generated by the operation of the system should ensure financial stability over time .
LANG_ENG All older children or adults are charged CHF 60.00 per night and person for extra beds .
LANG_ENG Many thanks to the previous maintainers who contributed to the Free Software community .
LANG_ENG Today , they represent up to the seventh generation of bankers running the company and are as much involved in strategy and management as in serving the Firm &apos;s clients .
LANG_ENG No-one respects the rights of this institution more than I do myself .
LANG_ENG We are on the eve of a war which we seem likely to wage on the basis of a mere suspicion: the suspicion that there may be chemical weapons .
LANG_ENG During the three-decade-long Keynesian era , governments in the capitalist world managed and regulated their economies to maintain full employment and moderate business fluctuations . &amp; # 160;
LANG_ENG This is perhaps the most popular sport in Andalusia .
LANG_ENG We can oblige companies - by means of a directive - to market fuel with 10 ppm of sulphur , but we cannot oblige consumers to change cars at the same time .
LANG_ENG I would like to ask for the other group to be allowed more leeway and to be trusted .
LANG_ENG The Park Gallanti Holiday Village welcomes you to Lido di Pomposa and the Po River Delta Park in Ferrara .
LANG_ENG Next , it is essential that the decisions taken by the G20 are delivered rapidly .
LANG_ENG Budget discharges 2007 , (Vote will be held on Thursday) (debate) 
LANG_ENG The Commission can help a great deal . Firstly , it can exert pressure to speed up the land registry which , moreover , the Commission itself is financing .
LANG_ENG Teachers were able to displace their classroom to the lakeside for a day .
LANG_ENG Rua del Villar has been mentioned in medieval books as " Valle Milvorum o Vilare Milvorum .
LANG_ENG Now for all guests reserving at least 7 days stay we offer a free fruit basket and a welcome drink at arrival (Transylvanian homemade brandy , vine , beer or Champaign)!
LANG_ENG The councils are , moreover , largely a regional affair , with members mostly coming from eastern Libya .
LANG_ENG On the contrary , policy errors and delays in individual countries will seriously damage economies worldwide .
LANG_ENG Apart from scenic beauty there will be great downhill runs .
LANG_ENG The profession of nail styling requires a valid and qualified training and supplementary courses .
LANG_ENG A short time later , the department was also made responsible for developing Dachser " s own software , and for organizing its international rollout .
LANG_ENG This new deal has to take care of natural resources , family and community development .
LANG_ENG In conclusion , I should like to wish the Commission good luck .
LANG_ENG the HTML and CSS codes are valid W3C. siteli one is the right choice for small business sites .
LANG_ENG During peak times the hotel may insist on a minimum stay of 3 or 4 nights .
LANG_ENG As we know , it is the task of the presidency to take a leading role in advance preparations for personnel decisions which must be unanimous .
LANG_ENG In our opinion , in indulging the basest instincts of the far right , we would not be responding to the justified concerns of the citizens .
LANG_ENG We do not want to be sent written answers drafted by civil servants , but to be able to ask supplementary questions , as is the custom in parliaments .
LANG_ENG I therefore welcome this resolution and the statement made by Commissioner Mandelson during the debate and urge the Commission to review Colombia &apos;s GSP + status .
LANG_ENG The period from birth to the age of three is critical for children &apos;s brain development , physical and cognitive development , and for language acquisition .
LANG_ENG The unloading of the lorries without elevating pallet is helped by installed articulated lifting tables in the large lock .
LANG_ENG We have been collaborating with the serial &quot; The Air &quot; from the editorial &quot; El Prado &quot; and under the direction of Joaquín Araujo .
LANG_ENG We can accept Amendment No 2 with a minor change .
LANG_ENG This is necessary to settle contention between the Member States as a result of different policies .
LANG_ENG It is self-evident that a smaller number of pupils makes it possible to apply different pedagogical methods and procedures in the classroom .
LANG_ENG Finally , I would like to concentrate on heading 4 , external policies .
LANG_ENG The ACP countries have often shown their support for an increase in regional cooperation in the fields of politics , economics , trade and culture . This was particularly evident last spring during the meeting of the ACP-EU Joint Assembly in Mauritius .
LANG_ENG The young printmaking technique was used mainly for commercial purposes like advertising .
LANG_ENG Please try our search page or use the navigation in order to access to your information .
LANG_ENG Linking to some unrelated content not necessarily leads to a penalty , but anyways you should be cautious and link only to quality websites .
LANG_ENG Investors must be aware of the fact that the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange is not subject to the high Europe-wide transparency standards and strict provisions for investor protection on EU-regulated markets .
LANG_ENG Spoiler warning: In the next paragraph I will tell some of the things that happen in Clancy &apos;s books .
LANG_ENG One of the consequences of this approach is a need to train our colleagues who take part in delegations on gender-related issues .
LANG_ENG National Parks are places where the wild flora and fauna are protected and preserved .
LANG_ENG In 1543 , Polish astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus published " On the Revolutions of the Celestial Spheres , " in which he challenged the view that the sun revolved around the earth , arguing instead that the earth revolved around the sun .
LANG_ENG We can sell LEWA products very well in our markets , and utilize its excellent R &amp; D department .
LANG_ENG This is a great opportunity concerning a technical matter , but an important one for European consumers .
LANG_ENG The hotel was beautiful and in a great location .
LANG_ENG Precise information about the various scheduled flight to and from Innsbruck Airport can be found here .
LANG_ENG This 4-star hotel is ideal for families and features guestrooms with a circus theme . It is situated just 10 minutes from Disneyland ® Paris and the Marne-La-Vallée-Chessy Eurostar Station .
LANG_ENG There is therefore a very clear strategy for Lisbon .
LANG_ENG on check out day , cleaner knocking on the door @ 8.00 a.m. and then again a little later .
LANG_ENG but if you have more than 16 / 17 years ... is the package .
LANG_ENG I also hope that , in the future , we shall be able to conduct a similar open dialogue with the Commission regarding development within this sector .
LANG_ENG We compliment Mr Danesin on his work .
LANG_ENG In our database we have 188 hotels with 398 rooms in 20 locations .
LANG_ENG The website of www.cafe-bazar.at is supported by the web marketing team at ncm.at and is constantly being further developed .
LANG_ENG This shows a pleasing tendency , in line with the principle of subsidiarity , and I think that we should also make the public and our governments fully aware of this .
LANG_ENG • At receipt of the car the customer will pay a deposit of € 300 .
LANG_ENG We will also continue discussion on these issues at the upcoming meeting of the ad hoc liaison committee for assistance to the Palestinians - the meeting in Tokyo - which is the international donor mechanism .
LANG_ENG The same speeches were made then as are being made here today , together with certain promises by the World Bank .
LANG_ENG There are also a number of museums and galleries that can be visited .
LANG_ENG That is the risk .
LANG_ENG The Carnavales de Lanz , Alsasua , Ituren and Zubieta , at the end of January and coming to a climax in February , are most popular .
LANG_ENG Since 1969 , our Swiss Ski School aims to offer to every one the possibility to discover the pleasure of snow sports .
LANG_ENG More recently , in October 2009 , the United Kingdom , despite having no written constitution , replaced its supreme judicial body , which sat in the House of Lords , with a Supreme Court .
LANG_ENG The final technical preparations , which are now just details really , will be completed at the end of May 1998 .
LANG_ENG Let us mention first the banning of HADEP , yet another ban imposed on a party that champions in particular the concerns of minorities in Turkey .
LANG_ENG What are you waiting for ? Book your apartment in Sierra Nevada now !
LANG_ENG Such vendors are bound by contract not to use your personal information for their own purposes or provide it to any third parties .
LANG_ENG In all agreements with third countries the European Union must continue to press for the inclusion of specific human rights clauses .
LANG_ENG What lessons can I and my group draw from the nitrofen case in Germany and the Whyeth Pharmaceutical / Bioland case in Ireland and Belgium ?
LANG_ENG This concerns significant issues , such as exerting an effective influence on the administrative authorities of central and local government .
LANG_ENG But the Commission &apos;s pledge was provisional and could be revisited once final costings have been made .
LANG_ENG Nevertheless , I must praise the intense work and efforts made by Mr Mann and I fully support the idea of promoting new initiatives for the strategy for employment and social policy in the European Union , in line with the Lisbon Strategy .
LANG_ENG rapporteur . - (HU) I will not need to take up two minutes .
LANG_ENG It is the very last time , as the Commission says , that there will be a special five-year arrangement for shipbuilding .
LANG_ENG If you &apos;re planning on splashing out , AC buses run most routes for twice the price , which offer air-conditioning and a guaranteed seat .
LANG_ENG It is also a matter of replacing discrimination with the economic good sense of engaging the enterprise and creativity of all those who need and want to work .
LANG_ENG None of us know how and in what ways that technology is going to develop .
LANG_ENG , is the backwards compatible mode which only translates the double-quote character and leaves the single-quote untranslated .
LANG_ENG Spacious rooms and friendly accomodating and helpful staff.Fantastic location so close to Times Sq , subway and many other attractions .
LANG_ENG I reject the regulation on nutritional and health information in the version adopted by the Member States .
LANG_ENG The debate is closed .
LANG_ENG Hence the skepticism , hence the expectation that Act III may open soon .
LANG_ENG Rheingoldhotel offers personal attention to every whimsical traveller in its inviting setting and warm atmosphere .
LANG_ENG A transport from Ingraham B to Deneva carries the deadly neural parasites that caused mass insanity on Ingraham B in 2265 .
LANG_ENG You stay in a standard hotel room with three separate beds .
LANG_ENG Tip: Due to huge list of &quot; ... patriot league ... &quot; related keyword pages listed on this page , use the &quot; Find in Page &quot; function below .
LANG_ENG At the beginning we could because of the small number of members each member with problems and requests for care .
LANG_ENG With Predefined Quick-Picks it is as simple as possible to backup your documents , family photos , music or videos files .
LANG_ENG The efforts of our group - the Socialist Group in the European Parliament - have been towards twin goals .
LANG_ENG We are looking for new dealers in Bulgaria , Hungary , Czech Republic , Macedonia and Montenegro .
LANG_ENG 13.7 Liability for loss of data shall be limited only to the typical cost of restoring the data , had it been backed up regularly in accordance with the risks involved .
LANG_ENG That was precisely the subject of the negotiations and , as far as I know , there is no link of the type you are suggesting between deregulation on the one hand and reductions in subsidies on the other .
LANG_ENG How to make preventing armed conflicts and preventing the existence of dictators compatible is the great challenge facing the international community .
LANG_ENG We can certainly not pass on the problem to the flatfish sector , since cod is caught in that sector as a secondary line .
LANG_ENG For us customer service has top priority .
LANG_ENG However , it is important that the EU &apos;s work to preserve biological diversity allows for flexibility and for EU directives and legislation to be adapted to national differences .
LANG_ENG An algorithm to break the immobilizer system , used in millions of cars , was shown at the Crypto 2007 conference . During the presentation Eli Biham , Orr Dunkelman et al .
LANG_ENG Political declarations on the issues outlined would be registered as international treaties at the United Nations to provide binding legal force .
LANG_ENG These two results address our key objectives of prosperity and security and the mainstream concerns of our citizens .
LANG_ENG Stylish atmosphere , an open show kitchen and original culinary creations of the highest standard: 6 May saw the opening night of " Duke " , the new restaurant in the ELLINGTON HOTEL on Nürnberger Strasse .
LANG_ENG The ships from that period were often equipped with an incredible amount of detail , and you had the impression that they were simply very functional spaceships .
LANG_ENG I have from the very outset pleaded in favour of a complete breakthrough rule .
LANG_ENG Work will be carried out within the scheduled timescale and completion is set for November 2010 .
LANG_ENG &quot; Sport has always been an important part of my life .
LANG_ENG We are not responsible for the content of external sites .
LANG_ENG To achieve that goal , Russia requires not just the absence of confrontation with the US , but a genuinely strong and deep relationship with the world &apos;s sole superpower .
LANG_ENG It is unfortunate , though , that they are being thwarted by an internal hierarchy that seeks to serve its own interests rather than those of Europe " s citizens .
LANG_ENG Double or Nothing SNG - The Early Stage We have talked about the Double or Nothing SNGs and different ways to approach them to become more successful .
LANG_ENG Combined with the new automatic archiving feature , background scanning can also be used to monitor the activities of specific sellers !
LANG_ENG CityGuide ME may be completely run from memory card without the need for a previous installation of program components * .
LANG_ENG On monthly stays cleaning is done once a week .
LANG_ENG When this modifier is set , the &quot; start of line &quot; and &quot; end of line &quot; constructs match immediately following or immediately before any newline in the subject string , respectively , as well as at the very start and end .
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Porth Avallen Hotel .
LANG_ENG The main reason why this is important is that we are not just talking about feeding methods or about the authorisation of feed subject to certain conditions; it is also being made clear what happens to those things that cannot be used in feed .
LANG_ENG Personally speaking , I am delighted that we have created such an ambitious document so quickly which today really gets the European rail system underway .
LANG_ENG Would you like to adjust umantis the best way to your individual needs and contiuously profit from new features ?
LANG_ENG In my work I have sought to clarify the text , to improve it in some aspects , but to be very selective about new provisions .
LANG_ENG Do you think the website will help your understanding of the legislation on wildlife trade ?
LANG_ENG Furthermore , our group hopes that a written European catalogue of fundamental rights will put European integration on a firmer legal-ethical footing and help to create greater transparency and clarity for the citizens .
LANG_ENG Logically , quotas should be linked to each member " s progress in complying with the Kyoto Protocol .
LANG_ENG eBenedict.org World Youth Day News &amp; Events Daily WYD08 News from Sydney Australia Live Espanol WYD Italiano Events Information ybenedict.org - Papal Plate - and the winner is Croatia !
LANG_ENG The IP address from which the user is viewing the current page .
LANG_ENG Military Transport Aircraft will concentrate on the A400M programme management and the Refuelling Tanker programmes .
LANG_ENG The definition of the term &apos; access &apos;: the definitions given in the Commission &apos;s proposal were extremely broad and the failure to define terms clearly could have led to disputes with the regulatory authorities .
LANG_ENG Mine was on the taboret behind me .
LANG_ENG More is expected of us , in my judgement , by our own citizens , who do not think of Europe just in terms of balance sheets and GDP figures .
LANG_ENG I should also like to say a few words about the judiciary in Tunisia . Under its Constitution , it is independent .
LANG_ENG Lucerne is a very safe place , safer even than most of the other cities of Switzerland .
LANG_ENG Jimmy Robert: Consensus rouge noir , 2010 , a 16-mm film , with a live text reading by Saskia de Keyser .
LANG_ENG Careful reading of the draft resolution indicates that unfortunately this is not just a routine oversight , but a confirmation of a rule .
LANG_ENG CLICK HERE To Immediately Download Fap Turbo Forex Robot Fap Turbo forex robot is awesome !
LANG_ENG The regulation includes a concept relating to the rendez-vous clause that will make it possible to consider other changes very quickly depending on the course of events .
LANG_ENG But then as now , it is the sandy and well-drained , western-facing and sloping soils that have contributed to making this land well suited to breeding and pasturing , as well as small-scale agriculture .
LANG_ENG The EU distances itself from the increasing amount of violence in Gaza and on the West Bank: Israeli encroachment and tank fire in Palestinian-controlled areas , firing on various roads , the killing of certain selected people .
LANG_ENG Obviously , I am not saying we are already operating in such a market .
LANG_ENG We have traceability on paper , so it will be possible .
LANG_ENG There seems to be a small red light district close to the hotel , however , also families seem to live in this area . I felt safe .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG If we apply some intelligence to this , we can do a lot to secure that workforces for the companies out there are not equally affected by the bad practices of the directors who adopt this cartel philosophy .
LANG_ENG We very much welcome the initiative of presenting this broad-based engagement on the part of the public to Parliament .
LANG_ENG Is there not a risk of the larger manufacturers swallowing up the smaller ones , thereby reducing competition ?
LANG_ENG The hot northern summer fits well with the release of An Inconvenient Truth , a documentary film featuring former US Vice-President Al Gore .
LANG_ENG According to scientists , even touching a person for less than one second may have therapeutic value .
LANG_ENG Protection will merely encourage fragmentation of the European market and a reduction in our overall competitiveness .
LANG_ENG Arnab Goswami , chief editor of India " s English-news network Times Now , discusses the role of media in conflict resolution during the World Peace Symposium in Birmingham , England .
LANG_ENG However you look at it , it is logical that limiting the number of abortions would bring about a fall in mortality among mothers .
LANG_ENG The Mariahilfer Straße , Vienna " s longest shopping street , is close by .
LANG_ENG Neither have I received a response to my question regarding infringement proceedings .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I would also like to make a point concerning working conditions because for the second time my trunk has not arrived .
LANG_ENG The area is one of rugged mountains , remote lakes , swift streams and rivers , and intriguing forests .
LANG_ENG On these elements there seems to be a convergence of views among the institutions .
LANG_ENG They do not want to go to work , even if the local government offers it to them .
LANG_ENG What a damaging blow to the extremists , whose ideology the voters so clearly rejected .
LANG_ENG Open the Control Panel by clicking the Start- &gt; Settings- &gt; Control Panel from the system Start menu .
LANG_ENG I cannot imagine , Madame Doyle , that the Council was unanimous and this House almost unanimous in taking a decision based solely on the Airbus defence .
LANG_ENG This 6th floor apartment is very quiet and light and is the ideal place for relaxing after a day &apos;s skiing ! The rental of the apartment includes a locker for your ski equipment , and a parking space in the garage .
LANG_ENG On study-in.de they share their experience in Germany with you .
LANG_ENG As the dimension of time is considered in Workflow , Workflow considers &quot; throughput &quot; as a distinct measure . Workflow problems can be modeled and analyzed using graph -based formalisms like Petri net s .
LANG_ENG Hotels hand out a very good free street map of the town with all important locations on it .
LANG_ENG I do not live in France but I know that in France there are people who live in large castles and who need a lot of energy to heat these buildings .
LANG_ENG We must , however , take ambitious measures and do so quickly .
LANG_ENG The Code is published in its latest version in the official section of the electronic Federal Gazette at www.ebundesanzeiger.de .
LANG_ENG So as to avoid the proliferation of legal instruments and the multiplication of procedures and committees; in short , to be more effective .
LANG_ENG Extremely low interest rates and too much money in search of good deals are leading to an increase in dealing and financial speculation on futures contracts , without any contact with the real economy .
LANG_ENG Beyond that Alkacon is only liable for acts of malice and bad faith and acts committed intentionally or in gross negligence .
LANG_ENG The framework for dealing with problems involving hazardous waste is important .
LANG_ENG The added inflexibility (or inelasticity) amplifies the price response to a real or perceived crop shortfall either in the US or elsewhere .
LANG_ENG Telephone boxes are being done away with in very many places where they are not profitable but are needed more than elsewhere .
LANG_ENG Yes , economic liberalisation in Tunisia has benefited the Ben Ali and Trabelsi families thanks to the European Union &apos;s help .
LANG_ENG Colombiers , this charming little village will welcome you to its boating port .
LANG_ENG I wish to thank him and his colleagues for a very effective and efficient EU presidency .
LANG_ENG I will now listen with great interest to the debate .
LANG_ENG Slovenia is a country that has many monuments to visit and enjoy , museums , and exhibits that are ...
LANG_ENG This has served as a great gathering point for discussions on the tool .
LANG_ENG We favour more voluntary part-time work , geared to company requirements and employment patterns .
LANG_ENG This is a promising sign for a fruitful and effective cooperation between the Ombudsman and the European Parliament , especially the Committee on Petitions , to the benefit of the European citizens .
LANG_ENG Generally , this involves checking and possibly changing firmware settings for your system .
LANG_ENG Attention to classroom tasks , such as reading , is related to more general indicators of cognitive performance , such as reading achievement , so it is an important indicator of the effects of break time .
LANG_ENG It is ideal for both business travellers and holidaymakers alike , and facilities on offer to ...
LANG_ENG This has indirectly had a strong impact on the negative perception of the euro by our citizens .
LANG_ENG  (PL) Madam President , allowing private operators to provide postal services is a controversial decision .
LANG_ENG - Transfers of attendees from their place of origin to the venue .
LANG_ENG The need for ceramic tiles could be best satisfied , if you visit us in our sales and showroom in Vinjani .
LANG_ENG It is a rapidly evolving situation .
LANG_ENG However , Amendment No 26 has been adopted by the House , which thus establishes the transitional regime .
LANG_ENG If we are serious we must have a policy that gives amnesty to those who expose the exploiters .
LANG_ENG Based on proven control software , PSI Production introduces an innovative , holostic and integrated operation and monitoring system for traffic telematics .
LANG_ENG Old Trader submits: Lately , Ive been thinking that there are probably more than a few readers on SA that think of me as an old , cranky &quot; Perma-Bear &quot; .
LANG_ENG Madame President , the committee does not necessarily have to take account of the amendments tabled .
LANG_ENG That is what we have to address , and for that FP7 is a very important building block .
LANG_ENG In addition , you also have a new working document , which states the targets that are to be met over the next year for each policy area .
LANG_ENG This would have a very important symbolic value , and I urge the European Central Bank and you , Mr President , to take steps to this end .
LANG_ENG The Europe hotel is ideally posizionato for all your calls towards Reims .
LANG_ENG In international negotiations , there is always a way forward if the benefits of an agreement are shared by all .
LANG_ENG There are 19 rooms in the hotel: from standard rooms to suites .
LANG_ENG More precisely , to 1880 when all of Versilia was a vast and wild marine area , uninhabited and swampy , appreciated only by hunters and fishermen .
LANG_ENG One night I thought to myself: &quot; If there really is a GOD help me get through , give me a sign what to do .
LANG_ENG LEDs , photodiodies , phototransistors or laser diode modules with very extraordinary optical properties .
LANG_ENG The Commission therefore accepts Amendment Nos 5 , 7 and 8 of Mrs Waddington , as well as the oral amendment regarding point D and Amendment No 5 .
LANG_ENG A. Children (2-11years) are charged 75% of the adult fare plus applicable fees , taxes and surcharges .
LANG_ENG Lenovo S Series desktops are engineered specifically for small business professionals to use for work and in life , and offer worry-free 56 computing at a great value .
LANG_ENG &#91; 16 &#93; Minutes of the 82nd session of the 4th Sejm , 25 August 2004. www.sejm.gov.pl .
LANG_ENG  (Parliament adopted the resolution) 
LANG_ENG Only 25 minutes south of York on the A19 , this lovely old Vicarage , with large gardens and private parking , has 10 en-suite room and is only one mile from exit 34 of the M62 .
LANG_ENG But what is true of Bulgaria is also true of other countries in the Balkans .
LANG_ENG Friendly and attentive staff . Good breakfast buffet .
LANG_ENG We do not live in a " post-American world , " but we also do not live in the American era of the late twentieth century .
LANG_ENG That is what makes these experiences so very valuable , not only to them as individuals , but also to society .
LANG_ENG These comfortable double rooms are 26 m ² in size and feature a separate sitting area , a fully equipped kitchenette and a balcony or terrace .
LANG_ENG Central banks occupy second place with almost 30,000 tons , with private investors following a close third .
LANG_ENG Others might be available through Portage as well - our number of available packages increases on a daily basis .
LANG_ENG Reducing pollution caused by motor vehicles is a question of traffic management , of technology and of economics .
LANG_ENG Is this a short-term phenomenon , and will we see an early return to rapid financial-sector growth as soon as the world economy recovers ?
LANG_ENG I fear that we are talking too much here and looking for excuses that there is no common foreign policy , and that is why there is none or rather , through the current Presidency , that it is a party to Clinton &apos;s war games .
LANG_ENG This also applies of course to all other mountain regions .
LANG_ENG World of Warcraft is the copyrighted work of Blizzard Entertainment , Inc . , a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware .
LANG_ENG The history of the directives that deal with the rights of residence of the non-economically active is an unhappy one: non-implementation , infringement proceedings , a patchwork of different and burdensome requirements .
LANG_ENG Excellent motorway connections ensure that you can also easily visit other Belgian cities nearby , such as Bruges , Brussels and Antwerp .
LANG_ENG That we , as adults , make a mess of things is our problem . But we must not make the children suffer and we must limit the damage as far as possible .
LANG_ENG The Charter states that the rights of elderly people are to be respected by Europe , and that is why pensioners and elderly people throughout Europe are waiting impatiently for the Charter to become the Constitution of the European Union .
LANG_ENG The holder of the personal data is Tre Ci Luce S.p.A. with seat in C.so Europa , 8 (Città Satellite) - 20020 Cesate (MI) Italy Tel .
LANG_ENG Agriculture and commerce flourish whereas insecurity is reduced to the country . Perpignan becomes an important literary center .
LANG_ENG Bosomy girls are hot for an anal ride on a potent cock .
LANG_ENG It is , however , important to appreciate that there remain a very great many problems within the framework of Annex 4 . This especially applies to the monitoring of waste at sea .
LANG_ENG Corinth Paul went to Corinth on his second mission , where he stayed with Aquila and Priscilla .
LANG_ENG Only a handful of the most efficient producers survived the collapse of the initial boom .
LANG_ENG Learn to use the new palette sets feature in QuarkXPress 7 and the advanced layout construction features that have been in QuarkXPress from the beginning .
LANG_ENG We must seize the opportunities which these instruments offer .
LANG_ENG The draft amendments to Ugandan legislation really do represent a radical change .
LANG_ENG Each group planted a tremendous number of landmines .
LANG_ENG The admin area of VTC offers a variety of configuration options to adapt the system to suit your needs .
LANG_ENG To win her love , give her lots of expensive and refined presents .
LANG_ENG The European folk costumes were based primarily on fabrics created and decorated by the local people .
LANG_ENG The troop comprises of a number of rowdy musicians from the Elbe ' s lowlands . Conjuring up strange and thunderous rhythmic musical productions .
LANG_ENG This area has long been recounted through Greek mythology and through the underground activity of the volcano , and the renowned ski area allows you the rare opportunity to ski down the mountain while looking out over the sea .
LANG_ENG This is one of the EU " s fundamental freedoms , which was not waived due to accession negotiations and which all Polish citizens could enjoy from day one of membership of the European Union .
LANG_ENG 0 votes &#124; 5 views &#124; 0 com .
LANG_ENG It is small and medium firms in particular where jobs are created and maintained .
LANG_ENG Enjoy food and drinks that have been carefully chosen to keep everyone &apos;s energy levels topped up , with enough vitamins to keep those ideas coming throughout the day .
LANG_ENG Oh , heckling !
LANG_ENG Thank you .
LANG_ENG He was buried at sea off the west coast of Africa .
LANG_ENG We are all trying our best to do that and we have now introduced a code of conduct in many areas of practical economic policy , which we are endeavouring to follow .
LANG_ENG Accordingly I have voted against this report .
LANG_ENG " Mobility will impact almost all human activities in the medium and long term " , said Jean Botti , Chief Technical Officer of EADS .
LANG_ENG President-in-Office of the Council . - In view of the problem pointed out by Mr Allister and the cases which should be condemned and require action , I should mention that , even prior to being amended , the directive contained a ban on advertising anything harmful to health .
LANG_ENG This obligation is henceforth expressly included in the EC Treaty .
LANG_ENG One version is that the basis of ninjutsu was taught to a Japanese household who fled to the mountains after losing a battle .
LANG_ENG Kadampa Meditation Center Germany is the headquarters of Tharpa Verlag Deutschland , a non-profit corporation that publishes the works of Geshe Kelsang Gyatso .
LANG_ENG These new measures and policies can contribute to a balanced exit from the crisis in putting jobs at the heart of the recovery and can overcome the legacy of the crisis .
LANG_ENG  (NL) Madam President , decisions were taken at the most recent European Council that were still unthinkable a year ago and I would therefore like to offer my sincere thanks to Mr Van Rompuy and Mr Barroso .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I am still offering a bottle of very good wine to any person who can give me just one example of a law which can be adopted with the Constitution and not with the Lisbon Treaty .
LANG_ENG Gawain turning module will be limited to 1 pass of 10 co-ordinates , and Kynon programming module will execute only 10 lines per programme .
LANG_ENG The Webmaster is obliged , when registering for the &quot; Partner program &quot; to fill out the registration form completely and truthfully .
LANG_ENG There is a consensus on this stance in Parliament , but unfortunately this is not yet the case within the Commission and the Council .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I wish first of all to congratulate Terence Wynn and Elmar Brok on their initiative of tabling this motion for a resolution , which is unquestionably of the utmost importance and extremely timely .
LANG_ENG Mr President , my thanks go to the rapporteur for the excellent work on this report .
LANG_ENG You can also download the poster in different languages or order printed copies (email us at berlin at ffii.org).
LANG_ENG That is a major step forwards for businesses of all shapes and sizes .
LANG_ENG Mr Erdogan , set a good example of which men can be proud; we can then take a step forward together and improve the situation of women in your country .
LANG_ENG In the case of Djibouti , it is the right to freedom of opinion and freedom of political activity .
LANG_ENG in writing . - (PT) The entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon has created more responsibilities for the EU with regard to the creation of a culture of defending fundamental rights within the EU and Member States .
LANG_ENG The Presidency should have also focused on the small tasks .
LANG_ENG A visit to Florence should , without doubt , take in the Cathedral of Santa Maria del Fiore , Piazza della Repubblica , Piazza della Signoria , Piazza del Duomo and Giotto " s belltower .
LANG_ENG I should also like to congratulate Mr Hänsch on his speech in this debate - I am delighted to see him taking such an active role in our discussions once again .
LANG_ENG Food industry workers , the tourism industry , sporting events and everyday social life are all victims of the efforts to stop the spread of the disease .
LANG_ENG Don &apos;t forget to visit the waterfalls of Varone and Gorg d &apos;Abiss , or the beautiful Tremosine gorge .
LANG_ENG Dr. Herbert Bader is the Managing Director of NORDENIA TECHNOLOGIES GmbH , the group " s own research and development company , in which the entire Group " s strategic process and product development are concentrated .
LANG_ENG A decision is to be made on the Lisbon Treaty but the opposition MPs do not intend to take part in the vote as a protest against an anti-democratic press law .
LANG_ENG Let us respond to the political opportunity we are being offered .
LANG_ENG Most of the texts (in all three language) I &apos;ve placed into a private Wiki , called MyWiki .
LANG_ENG The Bayview Hotel is set on the Sliema promenade overlooking the Marsamxetto harbour and the historical buildings of Malta " s capital , Valletta .
LANG_ENG Ancora oggi la trattoria Ischia è gestita con cura e sapienza dal fratello Giovanni mentre il cuoco è il figlio Alex .
LANG_ENG &quot; It &apos;s a huge shame if we don &apos;t actively maintain what we &apos;ve done over the past two years , &quot; Rahel says tentatively , a week after quitting her job at Galeri Petronas .
LANG_ENG Be the first to learn about the latest festivals , exhibitions , concerts and performances .
LANG_ENG New modern City Apartement with 2 bedroom , salon , kitchen , bathroom ....
LANG_ENG { T }: Embermage Goblin deals 1 damage to target creature or player .
LANG_ENG I am happy to note an increased amount of agreement , particularly on the question of enlargement .
LANG_ENG When you order the Carefree Package our technicians are informed by SMS if there are any faults , and can respond as quickly as possible .
LANG_ENG In those countries , the supply of reliable , legal medicines is often not organised as well as it is in Europe .
LANG_ENG I think we are talking about a very sensible package here , so I was very happy to support it , and I congratulate the rapporteur .
LANG_ENG This House refused to reject the report , even though a clause was introduced stating that this special trade agreement may be ended if Pakistan is found to be supporting terrorist organisations .
LANG_ENG It might be wise not to economize on the capacity of memory cards because of the large files .
LANG_ENG If you do not provide us with a vaild VAT (IVA , TVA) number we are obliged by law to charge VAT (IVA , TVA) at the local rate of 17.5% .
LANG_ENG Active relaxation in the quiet atmosphere of the Hotel Na Zámečku with all its enjoyments will certainly please everyone who loves to unwind after sports activities ...
LANG_ENG We offer professional solutions for our customers which we can adjust for individual needs .
LANG_ENG Guests of the hotel have free entrance .
LANG_ENG Our outsourcing service allows companies to use their most important resources for their company &apos;s main line of business , managing administrative and accounting processes reliably and more cheaply than doing so internally .
LANG_ENG Overlooking the Baie de Cavalaire , Résidence Les Marronniers offers some magnificent sea views from the terrace and from the bedrooms .
LANG_ENG Over and above the need to protect artisanal fleets , we raise the question of whether , on a more general basis , the same system would be appropriate for both single species and multi-species fisheries .
LANG_ENG To instantly check availability for all Sarud hostels , use the form on the left of the page .
LANG_ENG The hotel that opened in 1992 and was renovated in 1998 , has a meeting room , two restaurants and a lounge bar , it has also its own parking , and many others facilities to ensure guest a comfortable and quiet stay .
LANG_ENG Training , marketing and distribution in global networks were supported by the pilot projects and , in particular , the emerging audiovisual markets of the world - India , Brazil , South Korea , Canada - have submitted outstanding projects .
LANG_ENG All diagrams are shown with a thumbnail preview picture and have a short description .
LANG_ENG Mr President , the Middle East , as ever , remains of great concern .
LANG_ENG Your privacy is very important to us !
LANG_ENG These images are built approximately once each day by some Debian-Installer developers , typically on their own personal machines .
LANG_ENG Which flights are available for online booking ?
LANG_ENG First , to Mr Zīle .
LANG_ENG Open day from may 8th to 9th !
LANG_ENG Members of the Supervisory Board shall receive fixed as well as performance-related compensation .
LANG_ENG The European construct was dreamed up by the Fathers of Europe in order to guarantee peace in Europe .
LANG_ENG In turn , replication came to affect , by way of proteins , increasingly complex objects , up to cells and multi-cellular organisms .
LANG_ENG Same motion , same tears , the state of drunkenness .
LANG_ENG Your special application requires an exceptional servo drive ?
LANG_ENG I thank Mr Donnelly , My Thyssen , Mr Secchi and the others who have shown support for the Commission &apos;s project .
LANG_ENG From here , the company serves our clients on the Indian subcontinent .
LANG_ENG Commissioner Georgieva has been trying hard to coordinate the activities .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I too would like to congratulate Mr Soulier .
LANG_ENG AIBO kept moving around and around to chase the ball until the battery died and collapsed .
LANG_ENG Mr President , could I just be allowed to focus on some of the comments that have been raised here today ?
LANG_ENG Established in the old premises of Bize railway station , the CALANDRETA LO CIGAL enjoys space and tranquillity .
LANG_ENG Continental Europe could from time to time take a lesson from Nordic pragmatism .
LANG_ENG Just how will the first ever human rights call for an ASEAN country be interpreted in the case of Vietnam .
LANG_ENG A modicum of audience is also necessary to avoid temporary or transient mailing list requests .
LANG_ENG He was mayor of Paris from 1977 to 1995 and Prime Minister in 1974 - 1976 and 1986 - 1988 .
LANG_ENG My final message is directly for the banks .
LANG_ENG This is the prospect that awaits other countries which may apply such measures under such pressure .
LANG_ENG NORDENIA INTERNATIONAL AG sold its 50 percent of shares in CORONOR Composites GmbH on March 19 .
LANG_ENG The location was excellect , although if you are in a room facing the street it is loud all day and night .
LANG_ENG Therefore we take the protection of your personal details and your privacy very seriously indeed .
LANG_ENG The railway station itself is the location of one of the largest shopping centres .
LANG_ENG I should like , first of all , to congratulate Mr Catania , who has contributed a remarkable piece of work in the context of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs and who has succeeded in uniting the majority of Members around his draft report .
LANG_ENG The three credit rating agencies that exist and operate worldwide control 95% of the global business .
LANG_ENG A null signal in left audio channel is allowed now .
LANG_ENG Check it out and see if there &apos;s anything to your liking .
LANG_ENG This is an urgent problem as these committees in general , and in particular the Committee of European Securities Regulators (CESR), have reached their budgetary limits .
LANG_ENG The administration asked those who were to receive such requests to report to the abuse .
LANG_ENG I assure you that it does change with the next speaker .
LANG_ENG The Javascript interpreter could be tricked to continue execution at the wrong memory address , which may allow attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code .
LANG_ENG His LIVING TOWER , for the first time as a Phantasy Landscape on the Visiona 2 in completion presented , uses the three dimensions of space .
LANG_ENG The Convention includes a number of protection mechanisms regarding the type of information which can be used for data processing .
LANG_ENG In the Südtirol Dolomiti Superbike weekend package are included the registration fee and the reserved start place in the first starting block .
LANG_ENG Does the German Presidency plan to address the ramifications of increasing media ownership concentration , in particular when this leads to dominance in other economic spheres , i.e. sport ?
LANG_ENG More needs to be done and the Commission will remain extremely vigilant but Korea deserves our support and encouragement for the course it has chosen .
LANG_ENG The three star hotel Città di Parenzo is situated in the center , close to the Trieste congress center , under the castle of San Giusto .
LANG_ENG One or two of our members said to you that reforms in relation to the flow of information , proper internal audits and Commissioners &apos; responsibility for the services they run should have been completed by September 1999 .
LANG_ENG This little mini-suite which is ideal for two people has a beautiful wrought iron verandah where a couple could spend pleasing hours just admiring the countryside .
LANG_ENG There has to be a synergy between the 2020 strategy and reform of the CAP post-2013 - both have to focus on promoting intelligent green growth .
LANG_ENG With GPS PhotoMapper NG2 you can create clear anddetailed pdf reports with just a few mouse clicks .
LANG_ENG Would you , Mr President , throw yourself off a bridge with an elastic cord tied to your feet , as so many young people do these days ?
LANG_ENG The question they put to us was: How will Europe help us ?
LANG_ENG With the conjunction of exhibition and convention , the EMC-show offers engineers , technicians and the technical management the opportunity to gain first hand information about trends and new technologies in the sector of EMC .
LANG_ENG The main focus is on having fun in sport and movement and promoting team spirit .
LANG_ENG Acting in partnership , we will all have to explain what the European Union does and what it is .
LANG_ENG The five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council (the " P-5 ") still defend their right to veto resolutions , and their military power is unmatched .
LANG_ENG I believe you all want to work in such a way that civil society is able to interact openly with the decision makers , when the topic of debate is the relationship between free trade , people &apos;s health and the protection of the environment .
LANG_ENG We guaranteed this from 1 January 1993 .
LANG_ENG Language versions are not identical , so visit all versions , which you can understand .
LANG_ENG Mor pictures from Heileen over here .
LANG_ENG In spite of robbery and heavy damage it was possible to identify the burials as collective internments (up to five individuals per grave).
LANG_ENG . Although I have voted in favour of the directive , I have great difficulty with it and I have been tempted to vote against .
LANG_ENG do you like Collingham Suites and Apart ... ?
LANG_ENG I believe that the Commission " s proposals are positive , that these proposals will lead to the creation of that common defence market , but that the common defence market must be an instrument for achieving peace in Europe and also peace throughout the world .
LANG_ENG . I shall begin by responding to Mr Posselt and I shall not speak too quickly .
LANG_ENG We can help mainly by helping consumers to be clear about what is on offer , but we are looking for opportunities to support the Fair Trade movement when it comes up with targeted requests .
LANG_ENG But despite the fact that it is a very good report which attempts to study each of the points relating to inequality of pay between men and women , today we are facing a deep-seated problem to which we see no solution .
LANG_ENG Notebook , Desktop , Laptop , Team calendars , Password protection , E-mail notification , Backup mode , Move mode , Exchange support (optional), Public folders , Folders with different language names , NT services .
LANG_ENG By means of the form , this module allows visitors to leave comments to news on the website .
LANG_ENG And brother , Yasser Mohammed Al-Halabi , who participated zero and a long time in the interview and review .
LANG_ENG In order to avoid this it is absolutely necessary that the Code of Conduct should become legally binding and that we set out strict sanctions against businesses registered in the European Union which do not respect it .
LANG_ENG Not far from Orgeval and Poissy , on the A13 / A14 motorway , your Hotel Campanile is the ideal place to stop over on your way to Paris or the surrounding areas , in a very practical location for everyone .
LANG_ENG Its mild climate with clear skies , its landscape beauty , its history and its cosmopolitan atmosphere , make it a truly privileged place with a very extensive cultural offering .
LANG_ENG I understand the fears expressed by many Heads of State or Government and I myself was wholly in favour of the full format .
LANG_ENG What exactly do you have in mind ?
LANG_ENG Mr Böge rightly pointed out - as I am sure he will again in his presentation - that we need a Community definition of geographical areas .
LANG_ENG For example , a boost is expected from Japan " s reconstruction and supply-chain resumption .
LANG_ENG Gracanica is located in the lower valley of the River Spreca along the main road from Tuzla to Doboj , about 50km west of Tuzla .
LANG_ENG Among our many facilities is the fantastic SPA &amp; Beauty Miramar hydrotherapy centre .
LANG_ENG We obviously do not agree with this type of procedure .
LANG_ENG To ascertain compliance with any migration limit , select the highest value obtained using all the test media .
LANG_ENG wide-range of information and communications POS systems as well as interactive presentations for industry fairs , seminars and events .
LANG_ENG We are grateful to Janusz Onyszkiewicz for his report and the recommendations made in it .
LANG_ENG PRADA NARGESA a company dedicated to the metallurgic sector . It has now amassed more than 35 years of experience in manufacturing industrial machinery (folding presses , guillotines , die-cutting presses , twisting machines , profile formers , welding units , ...
LANG_ENG The first revolves around an Integrated Product Policy . I want to state in no uncertain terms that we have specifically emphasised life cycle analysis and this way of looking at the issues .
LANG_ENG - IMAGINE EYES: a developer of ophthalmic and optometric instruments , the company won the Innovation Award at BioRIF in October 2005 , and was honoured with a Silver Medal at OPTO 2005 for its MIRAO mirror technology .
LANG_ENG Wireless internet is available in public areas and costs EUR 7.50 per hour .
LANG_ENG 24 And secondly , he doth a require that ye should do as he hath commanded you; for which if ye do , he doth immediately b bless you; and therefore he hath paid you .
LANG_ENG The ABAS Software AG does not take responsibility for date changes given at short notice .
LANG_ENG So what different control systems are available to you across the Community and how far have you got with the various tests , particularly the BSE test which has been accepted by the Commission ?
LANG_ENG Still , the price is justified because you will be paying for the Immogo System .
LANG_ENG A Ciro was commuted the death penalty by a prison he suffered some years and then exile in Chile .
LANG_ENG At the same time , however , the equality of men and women is given pride of place as one of the EU " s values and objectives in Articles 1 to 3 of the Constitutional Treaty that is currently being put to popular vote .
LANG_ENG Amphiphilic means preferring a different surrounding on either end , as implied by the Greek prefix amphi , denoting &apos; on both sides &apos; .
LANG_ENG In reality , the transportation of highly radioactive materials is only a very small part of activities involving nuclear materials and is carried out in accordance with the most stringent provisions of international and national regulations .
LANG_ENG Let yourself be inspired by the absolut well-beeing-feeling of the Tauern Spa Kaprun and get recovered as soon as you arrive there ...
LANG_ENG Is there a ranking of the fastest providers ?
LANG_ENG Filmed with two cameras so you can see how sexy Xenia looks while her footsoles are filmed .
LANG_ENG Today it ' s beaches are what Lagos is known for , unlike 500 hundred years ago when it was it ' s famous port .
LANG_ENG The day starts with a hearty buffet breakfast that includes everything you could wish for .
LANG_ENG For HTTP Authentication to work with IIS , the PHP directive cgi.rfc2616 _ headers must be set to 0 (the default value).
LANG_ENG That is only a one-boot fix , though; you need to make the change permanent by editing your boot config file and saving it for the bootloader .
LANG_ENG ZAJAZD U ELIZY is located in Ojców National Park by the throughway Krakow-Olkusz , in Czajowice village , in the immediate vicinity of Krakow and Krakow-Balice airport .
LANG_ENG Even percussive and noiselike sounds of the body are transmitted perfectly , what leads to ways of expression which were not able before .
LANG_ENG Join the SDL Internship Program and have the opportunity to gain valuable work experience !
LANG_ENG The biennial exhibition takes place in Bangkok and has grown to one of the most important exhibitions on animal husbandry all over Asia .
LANG_ENG CITY MAPS Clear , at-a-glance graphic layout , practical to use and easy to fold .
LANG_ENG This modifier inverts the &quot; greediness &quot; of the quantifiers so that they are not greedy by default , but become greedy if followed by ? .
LANG_ENG However hasty these judgments may end up being , it certainly seems that the region " s oldest and last political-military organization is , at long last , on the brink of defeat .
LANG_ENG On the surface it seems that Europe &apos;s steady integration proceeded in parallel with the development of the welfare state .
LANG_ENG We specialise in the design and production of MOULDS for disposable cutlery , making multi-cavity moulds with rapid injection cycles that are fully automatic and made with the finest steels available on the market , being able to guarantee a useful mould life of at least 10 million injections .
LANG_ENG The surroundings of Osijek provide excellent opportunities for hunting and angling on the Drava river and its backwaters .
LANG_ENG Restaurant , Bar , 24-Hour Front Desk , Newspapers , Non-Smoking Rooms , Elevator , Express Check-In / Check-Out , Safety Deposit Box , Heating , Design Hotel , Luggage Storage , Gay Friendly , All Public and Private spaces non-smoking , Airconditioning .
LANG_ENG  (Explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with Rule 137 (1) of the Rules of Procedure) 
LANG_ENG In comparison with this subject position , the feminine is conceived as deficit , as non-subject , as irrational , not capable of insight , uncontrolled and identified with the corporeal .
LANG_ENG Have we considered that every instance of exclusion engenders hatred ?
LANG_ENG Philips Blu-ray drives for use with a computer , which are sold by Philips Consumer Electronics .
LANG_ENG And that percentage is only going to keep growing .
LANG_ENG It is worth highlighting the solidarity between the Member States on this matter , although sadly this was not evident from the very outset .
LANG_ENG In corporate America , this type of shakedown is repeated weekly .
LANG_ENG  (SK) In all of these strategies and frameworks , we must bear in mind the fundamental fact that Europe is not a project to construct an open-air museum .
LANG_ENG Relax here after a day exploring the Spanish capital and chat with friends .
LANG_ENG We have waited a long time for this Gender Institute , yet you had not one word to say about the topic of gender budgeting .
LANG_ENG Once again Markenwerk designed and technically realised a nationwide portal for the Sparkasse .
LANG_ENG These are the only way of effecting a lasting economic upturn in Europe .
LANG_ENG The investments in the development of low-carbon technology will help the European Union overcome the economic crisis and may create roughly 2.7 million jobs by 2020 .
LANG_ENG Excluding changes in the consolidated Group , we were forced to reduce our workforce by a total of 1,314 .
LANG_ENG In this way , solidarity among Member States and solidarity with those seeking protection threatens to be encumbered by a disproportionately high administrative burden .
LANG_ENG What is this all about ? asked his dad .
LANG_ENG Ask Ullmann ® is a specialist in " wearable " merchandising textiles and working clothes since many years .
LANG_ENG In my opening statement I made it clear that I cannot accept the amendments proposed in the report .
LANG_ENG We give you log-on data with which you can update all information , descriptions and photos in your entry by yourself at any time .
LANG_ENG Youth Hostel Firenze 2000 is on the left .
LANG_ENG Introducing more competition in rail transport at this time will serve only to undermine a sector which is already in difficulty .
LANG_ENG This is what inspired the decision taken in May to create the European Financial Stability Facility (EFSF), by which assistance can be provided , jointly with the International Monetary Fund , to partner countries in times of crisis .
LANG_ENG When would you like to stay at the AC Brescia ?
LANG_ENG It was through this revolution that women realized their situation; they became more independent and more active , not only in the factories where arms were produced , but also in other collectives such as administration or nurseries .
LANG_ENG TEC7 CLEANER is ideal for finishing TEC7 jobs , as it will completely remove any excess TEC7 before it hardens , giving it that perfect finishing touch .
LANG_ENG If you wish , then by keeping your ears open you can learn about what &apos;s on other peoples slates .
LANG_ENG Paragraph 27 contains propaganda in favour of the Constitution .
LANG_ENG Our POS will track product sale commissions with ease , encouraging your staff to upsell clients .
LANG_ENG After hours: 20,00 € per rental (deliveries between 23: 00 h and 07: 30 h).
LANG_ENG Please refer to us for further enquiry .
LANG_ENG And Allah careth for all and He knoweth all things . 268 He granteth wisdom to whom He pleaseth; and he to whom wisdom is granted receiveth indeed a benefit overflowing; but none will grasp the Message but men of understanding .
LANG_ENG Given the importance of energy in our lives , it is understandable that many EU countries want to shield their companies from competition , and so oppose liberalizing the energy market .
LANG_ENG Therefore , the Commission cannot undertake to produce such a special report , but it is naturally happy to provide the European Parliament with the annual report for the INCB .
LANG_ENG Most farmers are sensitive to this issue and choose environmentally friendly production methods .
LANG_ENG Let me say a few words on the Rühle report .
LANG_ENG In the sprint , held over 10 km (7.5 km for women), the biathlete shoots twice (10 shots), once prone , once standing .
LANG_ENG This is actually the idea behind the Aarhus Convention: it will generate a wide-ranging and proactive way of thinking about the environment , especially amongst the public , so creating new opportunities for improving existing practices .
LANG_ENG We also said then that there were too many words and too little action .
LANG_ENG We work together and we are able to solve some problems for citizens by working together in this European project .
LANG_ENG We also listened to the authorities and social sectors of the territories that we are dealing with and we thus arrived at a series of amendments that were debated and adopted in the committee proceedings .
LANG_ENG Precisely for that reason , I believe that Europe &apos;s influenza pandemic prevention plans need to be reviewed in order to provide rapid , consistent and effective responses .
LANG_ENG Our range of products covers laser , thermal transfer , inkjet and plotter technology to suit diverse applications . We can therefore ensure unambiguous , clear and permanent labelling .
LANG_ENG There is , however , no control over the implementation of these .
LANG_ENG The company Geaprodukt Ltd. was established on March 1 in 1990 .
LANG_ENG All bedrooms are en suite and offer a comfortable and relaxing atmosphere , combined with all the facilities required during your stay , including tea and coffee making facilities .
LANG_ENG Welcome
LANG_ENG Each time the United States and its allies nodded in agreement .
LANG_ENG When do I have to pay the placement fee ?
LANG_ENG The flattest shower tray from Villeroy &amp; Boch , SQUARO Superflat blends perfectly into the floor and , as a result of this , the successful range has already won numerous design awards .
LANG_ENG Thanks to its specialised knowledge of gluing and folding methods , Group Mercator Press offers a range of possibilities where short and long pages can be used alternately . Playing around with your prices and products is now as easy as one , two , three !
LANG_ENG We look forward to an inquiry !
LANG_ENG It also includes making us aware of issues relating to multiple discrimination .
LANG_ENG Rated as a four star hostel by Visit Britain !
LANG_ENG Since the authority workshop at the department of building in Essen was such a big success , we will be repeating it in Cologne .
LANG_ENG This is also a question of justice .
LANG_ENG Hendrix also constantly looked for new guitar effects . He was one of the first guitarists to move past simple gimmickry and to exploit the full expressive possibilities of electronic effects such as the wah-wah pedal .
LANG_ENG This is an area in which the principle of subsidiarity applies fully .
LANG_ENG Staying at the ARCOTEL Velvet means a zest for life to be sensuously enjoyed .
LANG_ENG The Chinese Government certainly has shortcomings in its policy towards minority groups and it has its failures too .
LANG_ENG It is not that difficult and our technology is quite overwhelming .
LANG_ENG What &apos;s more , Rig Kontrol now features full MIDI support , making it a superb toll for also controlling other plug-ins or your host DAW .
LANG_ENG It is as though they have been overlooked , wiped out , which is not good .
LANG_ENG I myself do not see the need for such a provision , but so be it . We are in the habit of taking seriously even unjustified fears , and will probably be making a proposal along these lines - or I shall be , at any rate .
LANG_ENG I have therefore voted in favour of this report .
LANG_ENG Although demand for agricultural commodities is influenced by the biofuel market , all the analyses that the Commission has made indicate that the causes of the rise in global food prices are varied .
LANG_ENG The spate of earning reports from America " s biggest banks suggests that there are real worries here .
LANG_ENG The tour will continue towards the inland Gallura to arrive to Arzachena .
LANG_ENG = No new posts since your last visit .
LANG_ENG We also support many of the detailed proposals for improving transparency and the rights of stakeholders .
LANG_ENG This is an illustration of the wholly high-handed way in which Mr Lukashenko operates , and also a demonstration of the absence of any intention on his part to hand over power by way of the election process .
LANG_ENG The smallest received power that can be detected by the radar is called PEmin . Smaller powers than PEmin aren &apos;t usable since they are lost in the noise of the receiver .
LANG_ENG Fabulous shopping and world-famous restaurants are also within walking distance .
LANG_ENG If so , then we are nothing but a bunch of impostors , applying different standards to different countries .
LANG_ENG We even built a factory and I took out a number of patents , which have now expired .
LANG_ENG Chalet for sale in Los Alcázares (Murcia) Detached 1 Floor - Ref .
LANG_ENG That is why it is good that we now have proposals that are also considered capable of operating legally .
LANG_ENG " With the sale of entory , we are increasing our focus on business with products and services along the capital market infrastructure supply chain , " said Mathias Hlubek , Chief Financial Officer of Deutsche Börse .
LANG_ENG The euro " s rise will soon cause massive pain to the PIIGS , whose recessions will deepen , causing their sovereign risk to rise .
LANG_ENG Nonetheless , research , development and innovation are defined as complicated , demanding and costly procedures which require special political , economic and social management .
LANG_ENG We live at a time when education is becoming ever more important as a factor in production .
LANG_ENG Make sure all other programmes are closed during the installation .
LANG_ENG For more information or if you &apos;ve got any questions , please email us at LearnForLifeDeutschland &#91; at &#93; gmail.com or give us a call on + 49 (0) 30 21758077 .
LANG_ENG On a 2600 sqm exhibition space Lisec presented to the international top-managers (55.000 visitors from 48 nations) a complete interlinked production / processing plant , the core of which was a new dynamic sorting system .
LANG_ENG 5 conference rooms and 2 executive conference lounges with latest media technique and communication technology are at your disposal and ready for every kind of event !
LANG_ENG In July 2008 , Airbus signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the CBD Secretariat - part of the United Nations Environment Programme - to join forces and support The Green Wave , a worldwide educational initiative raising awareness on the importance of biodiversity .
LANG_ENG Aquaculture , the farming of fish and other aquatic organisms , could in principle ameliorate the coming shortfall .
LANG_ENG - Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the European Commission " s laudable desire to transfer Community vessels , which would otherwise be scrapped , to the Asian countries affected by the tsunami disaster is all to its credit .
LANG_ENG British Airways travel insurance is underwritten by ELVIA Travel Insurance International N.V. (Netherlands), who are authorised by De Nederlandsche Bank (DNB) in the Netherlands .
LANG_ENG Finally , I hope that the Commissioner , together with his Director-General , will take the lead when it comes to the simplification that is necessary if small and medium-sized companies , together with university departments , are happily able to participate in the programme without experiencing financial difficulties .
LANG_ENG The government had been under longstanding international pressure to honor at least some of its international commitments to contain Hezbollah , and it wrongly calculated that the group would only respond in a limited way .
LANG_ENG Adriaticohotels represents the acceptance that the family Silvagni offers for your holidays in Cattolica and Gabicce Mare .
LANG_ENG It is therefore essential that this significant section our energy supply not be taken hostage to fear and panic in the wake of the Fukushima incident .
LANG_ENG Some collections are available to GeneaNet Club Privilege Members only with unlimited access .
LANG_ENG I think that we are getting them .
LANG_ENG This event gave name Malá Jasénka to the children &apos;s folklore group .
LANG_ENG Dispersion of paste-forming PVC polymer in softener with special additives without volatile substances .
LANG_ENG In order to meet the expectations of our customers as successfully as possible we also ensure the development , testing and production of special transport and storage containers adjusted to your requirements .
LANG_ENG Quality and expertise advantages played a more important role .
LANG_ENG However , I am convinced that the problem lies elsewhere .
LANG_ENG The resolution before us simply pays tribute to the initiative used by another Southern Cone country to arrest the leader of a military coup d &apos; état and extradite him to his country of origin .
LANG_ENG And , of course , you " ll come across many who are more expensive .
LANG_ENG Together with their okurigana , if any , they generally function either as a noun or as an inflected adjective or verb: e.g.
LANG_ENG It would also be in breach of the normal procedures envisaged by the Treaty .
LANG_ENG The push towards reaching an agreement was reinforced at the Council on 26 and 27 May , when Commissioner Fischler and I met each minister in order to identify basic problems and possible solutions and reach an honest compromise .
LANG_ENG The hotel &apos;s building itself is listed and forms part of a collection of historic buildings .
LANG_ENG The radio identification chips used may be very small and they may be incorporated into the product .
LANG_ENG This is where rules that impose term limits on officeholders , such as the Twenty-Second Amendment of the United States Constitution , have their place .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Commissioner , we have a saying in Portuguese that means &apos; guessing is not allowed &apos; .
LANG_ENG We must get that into our heads .
LANG_ENG Amendment Nos 16 , 22 and 47 are essential .
LANG_ENG Now is the time for us jointly to implement the recommendations of the &apos; Small Business Act &apos; .
LANG_ENG A list of all authorized resellers will be displayed . If your country is not listed , please contact our sales team to assist you in purchasing our software .
LANG_ENG I believe that there are sufficient elements to warrant an action programme that could form a legal basis and that would be warmly welcomed by the Member States .
LANG_ENG Use the control to darken or lighten the gray tones that correspond to the original image colors and are close to the section color .
LANG_ENG This recently renovated hotel has a superb location , right in the heart of Rome " s city centre , just 50 metres from the Eternal City " s famous Spanish Steps .
LANG_ENG We note that the Commission wants to be strict , not just towards Belgium but also towards the others .
LANG_ENG Personal Identifiable Information is individual information on personal or factual circumstances of a certain or identifiable natural person , e.g. information which can be used to discover your identity .
LANG_ENG This , which was mentioned both by the Commission and Mr Titley , should be done immediately .
LANG_ENG Though I acknowledge that Member States need to engage in the funding of research and development for the automobile sector in this area , I feel that the industry itself should also contribute and demonstrate a further commitment to reducing the effects of climate change .
LANG_ENG Enter your search criteria below to locate one or more qualified translators .
LANG_ENG Those who sought to diminish the IGC , who still insist on doing so , are therefore on the wrong track .
LANG_ENG It is for this reason that I took up the offer from Save the Children to visit the Gaza Strip last week .
LANG_ENG There is nothing worse than someone who looks on indifferently as a small , weak child fails to cope with a difficult situation .
LANG_ENG Well then , in the twenty-first century , Europe must finally be put back on the railways .
LANG_ENG With the next visit we certainly will contact you in advance .
LANG_ENG These regulations called for " local ­ ization , " including hiring local workers , respecting local customs , and adhering to safety norms .
LANG_ENG From here public transport services take you to the main railway station and the city centre in just 5 minutes , while the exhibition grounds can be ...
LANG_ENG This market test , or impact analysis , is indeed already being applied to some extent , by the broadcasters themselves , among others , but not according to the modalities as these have been set out in the Commission proposal , which look somewhat different .
LANG_ENG We cannot , at the dawn of the information society , sacrifice equal treatment with regard to telecommunications .
LANG_ENG The professional editions contains everything including networking (use multiple computers at the same time with optionally different operating systems) and / or to make use of a second screen (to put another switchboard and / or locomotive overview on it).
LANG_ENG Madam President , I realised just now that this question , which was set aside by the vote in this House yesterday , pursuant to Rule 143 , and removed from the agenda by a motion of inadmissibility , had been reintroduced pursuant to Rule 111 (2).
LANG_ENG Xfire has decided to give aspiring movie makers an additional two weeks to put the final touches on their machinima masterpieces .
LANG_ENG It was a huge mistake to create Guantánamo .
LANG_ENG Simply , I was trying to honour Parliament by recognising the role of the President .
LANG_ENG OGG - Ogg Vorbis - is a relatively new compression algorithm that produces files with a good audio quality . It is not yet very common .
LANG_ENG This innovative technology enables our magnetic absolute rotary encoders to offer unrivalled singleturn 16-bit resolution and a precision of 0.1 ° .
LANG_ENG I therefore voted in favour of this report , which stresses the need to target the consequences of the crisis for women and to remedy them .
LANG_ENG A considerable part of Europe &apos;s Muslim community would certainly feel marginalized if such a reference were included in the future European Constitution , which will also be their Constitution .
LANG_ENG Take a look at these aspects one at a time .
LANG_ENG This case brings under the spotlight a country in which discrimination against women is unfortunately part of everyday life .
LANG_ENG I would certainly recommend your software to anyone I know that might utilize the programs .
LANG_ENG At the same time , the European Union must introduce sanctions against the authoritarian government of Belarus and give both moral and financial support to the democracy movement in Belarus .
LANG_ENG All children under 12 years are charged 75% of the room stay per night and person when using existing bedding .
LANG_ENG La reina de mi casa ha sido generosa , original y acertada ... como casi siempre .
LANG_ENG I am going to mention one in particular: when it is said that this Lisbon Treaty incorporates new doses of qualified majority , that is true , but what is not said is that the Lisbon Treaty means greater participation by the European Parliament .
LANG_ENG That is why climate change must be seen above all as a problem of industrial engineering .
LANG_ENG The pesticide Zyklon B , for which IG Farben held the patent , was manufactured by Degesch (Deutsche Gesellschaft für Schädlingsbekämpfung), a company owned equal 42.2 percent in shares by IG Farben and which had IG managers in its Managing Committee .
LANG_ENG The aim of a modifier is to return some PHP code that will be included in the template PHP source .
LANG_ENG Just take a look at our touristic offer .
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Park Royal Cancun-All Inclusive .
LANG_ENG In November 2007 EAASM published an earlier report attacking parallel trading in medicines as a serious hazard for patient safety . Parallel trade in medicines , undermines the practice of pharma companies to sell the same medicines at a higher price in some EU member states .
LANG_ENG There is broad consensus among the Member States of the Union regarding the basic issues and objectives of the Middle East peace process .
LANG_ENG The resolution had been put forward by the Green Group (including the Pirate Party), the Social Democrats , the Liberals and the left .
LANG_ENG Haiti " s economy worked badly in the past , and was still reeling from four hurricanes in 2008 when the earthquake struck .
LANG_ENG It is in any case my view that the Commission had good reasons for refraining from banning heavy metals in its original proposal , for heavy metals are already prohibited by many other items of legislation .
LANG_ENG The burnished gold in this manuscript is still in extraordinarily fine condition although it is almost 700 years old; it was reproduced by building up the surface below the gold prior to applying the metal foil individually to each page .
LANG_ENG The vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
LANG_ENG The loans for renewable energy projects accounted for EUR 6.2 billion of our total lending , and were used mainly for wind and solar power projects .
LANG_ENG We need to provide help to the victims and pave the way so that the affected areas can recover quickly .
LANG_ENG As the Copenhagen Consensus , as well as the World Bank recently advocated , R &amp; amp; D investments on the order of $ 100 billion a year will be needed if wind and other alternative technologies are to become truly viable .
LANG_ENG It is easy for Copper to loose them but there are so many to loose so no reaction will take place .
LANG_ENG Action will be taken at European level , but equally important is the fact that reforms will have to be made in each of our 27 Member States , in full respect of the principle of subsidiarity .
LANG_ENG Only women and some old men and children survived those wars .
LANG_ENG I am confident that the report sufficiently deals with these issues and therefore voted in favour of it .
LANG_ENG For the cooler evenings during winter a light pullover is advisable .
LANG_ENG Established as a British trading colony in 1819 , the history and fortunes of Singapore , an island-state located between Malaysia and Indonesia , have been closely intertwined with migrants and migration .
LANG_ENG It both respects everyone &apos;s cultural and political identity and paves the way for a fair , workable and lasting accommodation .
LANG_ENG Wrong bug return value at a LDAP user logon with SSL and IBM Directory Server 5.x , if the LDAP Server is not reachable through the network .
LANG_ENG This will lead to a frenetic new wave of competition , but not between China , America , and Japan as monolithic entities .
LANG_ENG It was necessary to vote against some paragraphs .
LANG_ENG The Minutes of yesterday &apos;s sitting have been distributed .
LANG_ENG It is therefore not clear whether this criterion should continue to be taken into account when selecting suppliers .
LANG_ENG We have tried in our suit to ensure that no equally elegant attempt will be made to implement an extension on 1 September - and I hope that we shall succeed in putting a stop to this .
LANG_ENG Our policy will only find acceptance among fishermen if the conditions are fair .
LANG_ENG Please call us or fill out the following contact form .
LANG_ENG This is why I welcome the Commission &apos;s intention to improve the methods for guaranteeing the rights of consumers affected by infringement of the law throughout Europe .
LANG_ENG Are you looking for general information on the Costa Blanca or find a flight or a rental car ?
LANG_ENG But I must have passed off at some time nevertheless .
LANG_ENG On 12 January the director of the IAEA , Mr El Baradei , obtained assurances from the Iranians on all the outstanding questions .
LANG_ENG Thanks to our well developed network of over eight hundred distributors , InsERT &apos;s products are available throughout the country .
LANG_ENG 15 games , 4 of which are specially for kids .
LANG_ENG The standard rate must be at least 15% .
LANG_ENG We have finished to build a cage with a outdoor-enclosure for our chicken .
LANG_ENG By the end of the Middle Ages the first life-like portraits began to appear .
LANG_ENG During this time they tend to gnaw , which seems to aid in the delivery of the venom (Bogert and Martin del Campo , 1956).
LANG_ENG The complete body is cleaned , grinded , some dents cleared and then painted with Hammerite green .
LANG_ENG Has the international community failed to prevent the outbreak of violence ?
LANG_ENG The Court will set a date in the coming months to study the admissibility of some of these cases .
LANG_ENG More From: dugy List View Thumbnail View . Related Videos List View Thumbnail .
LANG_ENG Both countries have encountered problems , which can nevertheless be overcome .
LANG_ENG Ser digno significa ser merecedor de algo , y por lo visto , simplemente por el hecho de ser seres vivos nos merecemos morir .
LANG_ENG I do not underestimate the difficulties that will arise in the negotiations we are yet to have with the advanced developing countries on industrial tariffs .
LANG_ENG Fill in your criteria and press &apos; Search &apos; .
LANG_ENG The whole Mediterranean cooperation will be put at risk .
LANG_ENG This is why I am in favour of raising safety standards - the famous CE safety mark - so that we can reduce the risk of dangerous substances being present in products that come from China .
LANG_ENG It has caverns with stalactites and stalagmites , dinosaur footprints , giant turtle fossils , cave drawings , precolumbian fortresses .
LANG_ENG As I remarked earlier , there are many distinguished guests in the gallery today to follow this item .
LANG_ENG Fiscal adjustment and structural reform without financing is more fragile and liable to fail without a war chest of liquidity to prevent a run on public debt while the appropriate policies are implemented and gradually gain credibility .
LANG_ENG The Commission and the Council approved Parliament &apos;s amendments concerning the descriptions of these substances .
LANG_ENG This is bad for Irish workers and it is also bad for Latvian workers , because they are being exploited .
LANG_ENG Enjoy an afternoon coffee or mixed drinks in the evening in the lobby bar with its large-screen TV and wireless internet access .
LANG_ENG Thanks to the pilot phase , we are now able to improve the mechanisms for implementing the voluntary service and can open it up to a greater number of people .
LANG_ENG She lives with her mother and brother .
LANG_ENG Would you like to know more about Celesio ?
LANG_ENG Often , counterfeiting and piracy also end up affecting consumers , who are forced to purchase goods of a quality inferior to the original .
LANG_ENG This is why we support the rapporteur &apos;s proposal to delete item 4 in Annex 3.2 , where it is made possible not to screen all staff .
LANG_ENG And then those who are responsible take to their heels .
LANG_ENG Of course , teenagers are not the only sufferers of acne and many people continue to encounter this problem in years beyond their teens .
LANG_ENG In what remains of my time , Mr President , I should just like to say that the European Union &apos;s efforts to economize cannot always be made at the expense of the poorest countries .
LANG_ENG There is just one further point to be mentioned: Mr Martin , you called for the subsidies to institutions which promote the European idea to be distributed in a different way so that there is no earmarking here .
LANG_ENG The White Paper is about preparing the central and eastern European countries for their integration into the Union &apos;s internal market .
LANG_ENG Samsung plans to launch the Samsung SGH-P900 multimedia phone in the second quarter of 2006 before the " 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany " gets underway , becoming the first handset manufacturer to handle the European T DMB standard .
LANG_ENG The ACP countries of sub-Saharan Africa are some of the least developed countries .
LANG_ENG The chipper-shredder to remove branches , twigs and bark from trees , the sweeping brush and the ploughshare can be used continually .
LANG_ENG At numerous dinners , lunches and banquets , Jean León would choose the wine very carefully .
LANG_ENG Thanks to you , Mrs Merkel , thanks to your country and also to the goodwill of the 27 , the last six months have been very positive for European integration .
LANG_ENG Now , in the second reading , allegiance is withdrawn , just so as not to endanger the Council &apos;s compromise .
LANG_ENG On this side you can find screenshots from all parts of the game King &apos;s Bounty: the Legend .
LANG_ENG The Commission &apos;s proposal is founded on the principles of the Treaty of Amsterdam , which took account of the fact that important environmental matters have gained greater prominence in the eyes of our citizens .
LANG_ENG We are all concerned that young people should not drink , but wine has to be produced ...
LANG_ENG Every manager receives a virtual start-up budget of 100 million euros and your first line-up must be established by spending no more than this amount .
LANG_ENG He is a member of the Top-Team for Beijing 2008 .
LANG_ENG As of " PHP 4.2.0 , this directive defaults to off .
LANG_ENG Voting time (continuation) 
LANG_ENG I voted in favour of the report by Mr De Rossa (A6-0030 / 2004).
LANG_ENG Hence , let us have real ambition .
LANG_ENG We would be glad to prepare an offer for your inquiry .
LANG_ENG Anyone in Africa who woke up and said: &apos; Today I am going to be homosexual &apos; would be insane .
LANG_ENG My first question is as simple as that .
LANG_ENG Therefore we must also do more to strengthen the southern borders of the Union .
LANG_ENG I have another question to ask the Commission directly: does Poland &apos;s EUR 54 million for Dell also include money from Europe &apos;s structural funds ?
LANG_ENG Of course , other questions are also important in this context .
LANG_ENG The issue today concerns working vigorously to ensure that everyone signs the OECD agreement on ending support for the shipbuilding industry .
LANG_ENG But: Nobody can fully prove that anything is totally harmless .
LANG_ENG In the statement by the Court of Human Rights itself , the Court &apos; s representative expresses his support for the idea that the Union should have a Charter of Fundamental Rights and , secondly , that the Union should sign the European Convention on Human Rights .
LANG_ENG And if you come in winter , you can take advantage of sports and tourist facilities available in the ski resorts .
LANG_ENG Those Esperanto speakers who want to see Esperanto adopted officially or on a large scale worldwide are commonly called finvenkistoj , from fina venko , meaning &quot; final victory &quot; .
LANG_ENG On the fringes of the International Monetary Fund " s just-completed spring meetings in Washington , DC , I had the opportunity to talk with senior officials and their advisers from various countries , including from Europe .
LANG_ENG The fact that some insurers and Member States do not observe these arrangements must be handled better .
LANG_ENG DVB World 2010 - Lisbon: Christoph Schaaf , the chair of the DVB-C2 technical module and head of new technologies at Kabel Deutschland has said the cabler plans to use the new DVB-C2 transmission syste ...
LANG_ENG It is also important to make it clear that retailers who import pre-packaged products directly from third countries are also subject to EU regulation .
LANG_ENG Increased head stability for straighter shots and a low centre of gravity for an optimum high ball flight - even with off centre hits .
LANG_ENG  (Internet Pricing and Configuration / Sales Configuration Engine).
LANG_ENG This only can - so the LG - be prevented by it that one particularly dissociates himself from these web pages .
LANG_ENG A credit card is required to secure your reservation at Applecroft Bed Breakfast - Carlyon Bay in St Austell .
LANG_ENG We possess reliable online reservation system for booking online discount and cheap hotels in Shumen .
LANG_ENG Even I can see that , but the rate at which trade is currently being liberalised , accompanied by exports increasing at an unheard-of rate , does of course jeopardise everything .
LANG_ENG The compromise achieved by Parliament " s delegation led by Mr Vidal-Quadras is fundamentally satisfactory and well balanced .
LANG_ENG For further details contact M � V at Budapest VI , Andr � ssy � t 35 (tel: (1) 461 5500 (international timetables) or (1) 461 5400 (internal timetables); website: www.mav.hu).
LANG_ENG Nearby , Horse riding , Camargaise races , canoe , Golf Club Montpellier Massane , hiking on St Jean de Compostelle path , biking , fishing , sailing , water skiing , Domitienne way , concerts in the castel , vineyards visists .
LANG_ENG An exhibit of an ARBURG machine provides the practical relevance: On the stand is a functional production cell built around an ALLROUNDER 370 S , which injection moulds and assembles a toy buggy .
LANG_ENG IMPORTANT NOTE: When paying with PAYPAL as your payment selection , you will be automatically directed to the International Orders Paypal Payment page ONLY once you have completed your order and confirmed your order .
LANG_ENG This has even led to an exchange of notes among these countries .
LANG_ENG In particular , I have some questions relating to two compromise amendments tabled by the PSE and PPE Groups , namely Nos 32 and 33 , which allow some noteworthy exceptions that would seriously damage the ozone layer .
LANG_ENG Beneath the south approach to the bridge is a station for the light rail system (see &quot; By Metro &quot; below) that goes to Oporto .
LANG_ENG The medium parameter is the equivalent of the @ media rule , applying to all the document .
LANG_ENG Discover Silva Splendid Bike Hotel offers !
LANG_ENG If the elderly are always on , and we know it is always after the wrong .
LANG_ENG Due to the increasing internationalisation of communication in the Internet we are now offering you our plant pictures with captions in four languages and we have added additional language versions to our Website which is now accessible in German , English and French .
LANG_ENG This page was last edited at 17: 01 , on 8 October 2008 by Wikitravel user Episteme .
LANG_ENG Notable contributors were Saudi Arabia " s order for 72 Eurofighter planes , signed with BAE Systems , and more than 40 new Professional Mobile Radio (PMR) contract wins .
LANG_ENG But Turkey is different .
LANG_ENG As Europe changes , the position of individual states and groups changes in respect of this policy .
LANG_ENG Thirdly , Parliament has requested the Commission make proper use of its discretionary powers under Article 226 relating to infringement procedures .
LANG_ENG We at Healthy People are also concerned about the health of the environment and we try to do our bit to contribute to the health of the planet .
LANG_ENG All of the permanent members of the United Nations Security Council have to accept responsibility for the present situation .
LANG_ENG This includes promoting new drugs lines that can enhance the potency of first-line regimens , thereby shortening treatment duration and preventing the emergence of resistance in the first place . But new drugs are not enough .
LANG_ENG Treasures , trinkets , trash-the relics of the past are brought forth again .
LANG_ENG The &quot; Hotel der Bär &quot; close to Kitzbühel invites you to spend a fantastic skiing holiday in Tyrol ! Our sports hotel , which involves almost an entire village , can be found in Ellmau at the Wilder Kaiser mountain range .
LANG_ENG Let me close by saying that there are two more important human rights issues which we regularly raise with the Chinese side as a matter of high priority .
LANG_ENG Finally , structured cooperation: will it happen , what is being done ?
LANG_ENG She makes a brief reappearance in the novel &apos;s final pages .
LANG_ENG in writing . - These Mercosour talks represent a potentially dreadful development for the future of European agriculture .
LANG_ENG The joint implementation of the EU Water Framework Directive and the Marine Strategy Directive thus brings together the protection of both marine and freshwater environments .
LANG_ENG Q: I can change the CPU frequency , but the range is not as wide as in another OS .
LANG_ENG This lets a SWF movie communicate over a TCP / IP socket , and parse the incoming XML message .
LANG_ENG Majorcan mansion transfigured to an artful and baroque location for selected audience .
LANG_ENG Finally , I regret that this entire House is haunted by a nationalistic and jingoistic ghost which is quick to take offence .
LANG_ENG In any case , this issue is of such significance as to require some in-depth comments .
LANG_ENG An egress route can be seen as a self-contained layer , by which the person following this route orientates .
LANG_ENG The Middle East is the crucial current case .
LANG_ENG For now , they are more or less blinded by complicated calculations and , ultimately , cannot see the wood for the trees .
LANG_ENG How would you like this course delivered ?
LANG_ENG Just as electoral success creates political legitimacy , success on the market puts aside all further questions , particularly as both sides of the market transaction enter into relations voluntarily , as no buyer is forced into a particular purchase , and no seller is forced to sell .
LANG_ENG But their unifying thread is youth , unemployment , and uncertainty about the future , as well as the suffocating state paternalism that underlies the wider malaise itself .
LANG_ENG The subdomain should also be added to our system .
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Hotel Klosterbräu .
LANG_ENG That is why we are all calling , once again , for Turkey to bring forward a revision of its constitution without delay , as that is the only thing that can bring about the real reforms that are so necessary to modernise Turkish society .
LANG_ENG jumping games hearts games coloring games chinese games boxing games guitar games diving games games to work stylish games &#91; @ &#93; games shopping , spend hours shopping , playing with more girls and have fun playing .
LANG_ENG In 1958 , Zerbe joined the California Air National Guard , transferring to the Air Force Reserve in 1960 without serving on active duty . He was discharged in 1968 .
LANG_ENG St.Gallen , Bad Ragaz , Rorschach , Altstätten SG , Alt St. Johann ...
LANG_ENG However , many potential private investors do not have enough money to make an effective investment: real estate , art and stock of leading corporations are not very easy to afford .
LANG_ENG There are several sailing and surfing schools in the vicinity .
LANG_ENG I have taught and researched in the United States .
LANG_ENG Your movements enable the air to circulate through the sling and ensure an adequate exchange of air .
LANG_ENG For moto rental in Barcelona you can come to our shop in Pg . Juan de Borbo 80-84 (in Barceloneta) or call us on (+ 34 93 221 40 70).
LANG_ENG Upon arriving in the United States , George Balanchine insisted that his first project would be to establish a ballet school , and with the support of Lincoln Kirstein and Edward M.M.
LANG_ENG There are also better government instructions to officials and police on how to deal with women &apos;s rights .
LANG_ENG We want you to notice the " freshness " not just in our healthy mountain air (Galtür is the first air spa resort in Tyrol), but also when you sample the delicacies from our kitchen .
LANG_ENG The Commission has , as you know , submitted two proposals to the Council of Ministers in the hope of easing the situation: one on temporary protection , the other on burden-sharing when the Member States are faced with mass movements of people fleeing their country of origin .
LANG_ENG This hall has a 400 m2 area and can host up to 400 people .
LANG_ENG Al Jazeera and other channels Aerbawip repeated the news and offered to film again and again .
LANG_ENG Our group hostels have been specially selected for group trips .
LANG_ENG White beaches , beautiful coral atolls with a multiplicity of sea creatures and intersting small islands with a diversity of endemic flora and fauna are the merits not to be missed .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG The problem in Lithuania is pressingly relevant in this context - the integration of vulnerable groups in society , and the disabled in particular .
LANG_ENG Throughout my adult life , I have been politically active in women &apos;s organisations and in networks for combating this violence against women .
LANG_ENG She is seriously ill , but the brutal military regime wants to keep her under lock and key so that she cannot challenge them in next year &apos;s elections .
LANG_ENG Wonderful place to live in on the island or as an investment due to its high rental incomes all year round .
LANG_ENG This was followed by a statement from the Council informing us that we do not have any responsibility whatsoever to discharge the EDF .
LANG_ENG King &apos;s name and legacy have often been invoked since his death as people have begun to debate where he would have stood on various modern political issues were he alive today .
LANG_ENG Offering of quiet of Tuberoza of dependancy and pacific luxury , however always near all the attractions of Zakopane and the pendii to the ice-skate .
LANG_ENG We will have to debate this issue more often as part of the budget process from now on as well .
LANG_ENG You can find charming photos , the weather forecast and a list of all the events and shows you can join in the Province of Ravenna .
LANG_ENG I walk into the Chamber and here he is !
LANG_ENG It is sometimes said that the name Istanbul comes from the Greek words stin poli which means &quot; at the City &quot; . This is a historical myth .
LANG_ENG Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , everyone acknowledges that sport is a means of personal development and a special opportunity to meet other people .
LANG_ENG It is a fact .
LANG_ENG But Russia , too , has unnecessarily damaged its international image .
LANG_ENG What we need , though , is this healthy pragmatism , and I hope that the future Presidencies of the Council and the Commission will all roll their sleeves up and put some effort into cultivating it in many areas .
LANG_ENG For that reason there is broad consensus that restarting negotiations as if there had been no Treaty is not possible .
LANG_ENG Buy any two of our Full Day Tours and receive a FREE &quot; MCM-City Tour &quot; !
LANG_ENG I believe that it is important to bring this directive into line with other legislation on the same subjects .
LANG_ENG We set great store by offer you the best comfort during your holiday .
LANG_ENG Moreover , &apos; aid for trade &apos; must not be allowed to play a part in undermining the stabilisation of local markets , which must be at the heart of any development strategy .
LANG_ENG Specifies the Diffie-Hellman group number for establishing dynamically-generated session keys .
LANG_ENG From 1797 up to his death in 1832 , Goethe took over the administration of the library doubling the book inventories so that the library became one of the most extensive in Germany .
LANG_ENG This boutique hotel is situated in central Paris , near the Opera Garnier and Galeries Lafayette . It is also within close proximity to the famous Moulin Rouge Cabaret and picturesque Montmartre .
LANG_ENG You are therefore refusing to withdraw the amendment and modify it .
LANG_ENG As one of Central Europe " s oldest and largest cities , Prague is an important European hub and business center .
LANG_ENG Proscar is not an effective treatment for prostate cancer .
LANG_ENG But more needs to be done .
LANG_ENG This is what makes diesel indispensable in the future .
LANG_ENG Critically analyze existing Ecological Footprint calculations with particular focus on the weak points in the calculation method as well as the meaningfulness and interpretability of the indicator .
LANG_ENG EAM is primarily our response to the concrete problems we are faced with as artists from the East exhibiting as well in the West .
LANG_ENG That is not sufficient , however .
LANG_ENG Emotions and passions in impressive style .
LANG_ENG You can comfortably donate right here on ‑ line .
LANG_ENG Apart from that , and in fulfilment of the undertakings of the Barcelona Conference , this agreement brings Morocco closer to the European Union and is one more step towards the good relations which the European Union wishes to establish with the countries of the Maghreb .
LANG_ENG Damuels was richly endowed with snow.First Free Rider were sighted .
LANG_ENG Our villages and sights invite you to the visit , everyone (s) is worth a trip . In the autumn , a particular gastronomically highlight takes place also again: the tenth Ultner lamb-weeks from the 20.09. until to the 05.10 .
LANG_ENG Exit at the tollbooth for Imola and follow the signs for Bagnara di Romagna .
LANG_ENG Founded in 1975 , the gallery was located in the centre of Duesseldorf for many years .
LANG_ENG real , - SB-Warenhaus GmbH is a METRO GROUP company responsible for managing the retail sales brands real , - and Extra .
LANG_ENG Nevertheless , we must also prepare for its many consequences .
LANG_ENG I trust that together we will complete the fifth enlargement round and make a success of it .
LANG_ENG In a natural arena , central Swiss , Bernese and in alternate years participants from north-eastern , north-western and south-western Switzerland compete for the coveted Brünig victory wreath .
LANG_ENG But Russian noblemen with timber interests in Korea persuaded the Tsar to resist .
LANG_ENG What we will be voting on this week , is a budget of 15 Member States .
LANG_ENG Double Matured Speyside Single Malt first in oak barrels and second in Port-Wine Casks .
LANG_ENG In April 2008 the EU &apos;s Article 29 Working Party published clear recommendations for search engines telling them to dramatically reduce their data retention time to six months .
LANG_ENG Some rooms feature a view of the internal courtyard while others overlook the small square .
LANG_ENG The panelists all said , in one way or another , that popular economics facilitates an exchange between specialized economists and the broader public - a dialogue that has never been more important .
LANG_ENG Click thumbnail to see a larger photo of Hotel Beli Kamik I i II .
LANG_ENG This is one of our objectives , which must be clearly pursued .
LANG_ENG In the light of tomorrow &apos;s debate on the competitiveness of the EU industries generally and Commissioner Bangemann &apos;s action plan on the competitiveness of the European textile industry , would you not agree that Eurocoton &apos;s complaint belongs to the past for our industries ?
LANG_ENG I believe that the work of the Council &apos;s management committees is responsible for the poor state of affairs surrounding the TACIS programme .
LANG_ENG as a weekly Booker 1 bottle of good Schnaps or 2 bottles of Austrian wine .
LANG_ENG In the future , you will need no more loans to obtain intermediate financing for your outstanding invoices .
LANG_ENG Alternatively , why not visit our gallery of diagrams ?
LANG_ENG We have a very nice 50m2 bungalow in Peñiscola , with excellent sea-views for sale .
LANG_ENG It is more intensive for me to masturbate with a full bladder for example and peeing itself is like a little orgasm .
LANG_ENG An estimation of the coefficients of the model is obtained supposing the proportional hazard hypothesis holds .
LANG_ENG The lack of freedom of expression and assembly , the constantly increasing pressure on the media , the laws restricting the use of the Internet and the actions against opposition activists are causing the human rights situation in Belarus to deteriorate and worsen .
LANG_ENG 15 But if he repent not of his sins , which are a unbelief and blindness of b heart , let him take heed lest he c fall .
LANG_ENG It is a two-storey double-wing pseudo-Renaissance building with a polygonal high corner tower with a clock .
LANG_ENG First , they intend to bring attention to specific issues (e.g. gender-based violence , dramatic gaps in the rate of school drop-outs between boys and girls , the devastating impact of the AIDS crisis among orphans and young children).
LANG_ENG At the turn of the 18th and 19th century , the then owners of the demesne - the Rummerskirchs - founded artificial pearl mussel farming in the château millrace; the fry was imported from Holland .
LANG_ENG It should be possible for all citizens to subscribe to television services from another Member State .
LANG_ENG Finally , with the current European Financial Stability Fund , and by 2013 the permanent European Stability Mechanism (ESM), we will have a backstop tool to guarantee the stability of the Euro area as a whole , if needed .
LANG_ENG These disturbances lead to large-scale migration .
LANG_ENG The firm was founded in 1991 .
LANG_ENG There are also reports in the Parliament in Sofia and in the media in Bulgaria that there are serious doubts that the Ministry of the Interior can protect the information .
LANG_ENG Note: This is a fully functional version of both Letter Star Pro and Letter Star . However , until purchased , it prints out a small watermark with your letters .
LANG_ENG I would like to pay tribute to his many achievements on behalf of European citizens .
LANG_ENG They found the arctic ice impenetrable , and soon gave up their quest .
LANG_ENG In Telesina there are 5 betting rounds .
LANG_ENG For most EU Member States and third countries with internationally interlinked markets , VAT (or sales tax) is one of the main sources of financing for the state .
LANG_ENG Do not cache each query result , print each row as it is received .
LANG_ENG 13 And it came to pass that we began to prosper exceedingly , and to multiply in the land .
LANG_ENG The hearty , complimentary breakfast buffet will give you all the energy you need for a rewarding day .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the report which I have the honour to present contains the message we wish to send to the Conference to be held in Maastricht from tomorrow on the very subject which we are debating this evening .
LANG_ENG Mr President , the report by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy recognizes that the convergence criteria limit the budgetary margin for manoeuvre of the Member States in the fulfilment of their social mission .
LANG_ENG I know the motion for a resolution is on a sensitive subject but it has been duly tabled .
LANG_ENG Each film we select is special to us . We care for each title and do everything to see it " rise and shine " .
LANG_ENG It is no good pursuing a policy that only a few countries are willing , or able , to follow .
LANG_ENG Is this possible ?
LANG_ENG Bibbona , Bolgheri , Castagneto Carducci and Castiglioncello can be reached in a few minutes by car .
LANG_ENG Mr Kaklamanis , I have to agree with you .
LANG_ENG The formularies on this subject in the preamble to the draft mandate , and the general reference to the final provisions on the possibility of suspension in the event of grave offences against significant elements of the treaty do not strike me as adequate .
LANG_ENG Nevertheless , it is possible to improve this recognition , as well as the recognition for academic purposes , in other words , to help students continue with their studies .
LANG_ENG One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time .
LANG_ENG The report of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs has been cobbled together in a makeshift manner . It is a legal monster born of Regulation (EC) No 2004 / 2003 , which , after numerous setbacks , was adopted on 4 November 2003 .
LANG_ENG 0 votes &#124; 256 views &#124; 0 com .
LANG_ENG I hope she will be able to respond to your comments .
LANG_ENG  (IT) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I am in favour of a decisive role for the European Parliament , which is often argued against , but it seems that the governments wish to use this proposal to manipulate our Chamber .
LANG_ENG MathML includes technical specifications for the rendering of mathematical symbols and equations in web pages .
LANG_ENG - The debate is closed .
LANG_ENG Switzerland &amp; Europe TCS Camping Guide 2009 Special Anniversary Edition in German 350 Campings in Switzerland and 700 in Europe .
LANG_ENG The vote will take place tomorrow at 10 a.m.
LANG_ENG  (Applause) 
LANG_ENG Mr Poettering &apos;s platoon seems more concerned about making the next President of the Commission their political plaything than about the content of his or her programme .
LANG_ENG Driving song mit playful Drum ? n ? Bass loops , forceful and fat bass , experimental synths and interesting sound effects .
LANG_ENG This elegant 5-star hotel offers luxury accommodation in the heart of Frankfurt .
LANG_ENG When it is maintained here , however , that there are some substances which are obviously worse than others , then I should like to know why .
LANG_ENG Our engineering company is committed to develop solutions in close cooperation with the user in case of applications with difficult challenges of engineering .
LANG_ENG Literature written in the Arabic script has been produced from the second half of sixteenth century on; Muhammad Awzal (ca .
LANG_ENG Experience the variety of musicals Hamburg offers you ...
LANG_ENG They guarantee in particular that the tests I have mentioned will be held at frequent intervals and , at any rate , whenever necessary to meet demand .
LANG_ENG Fourthly , and finally , there are shocks whose asymmetry is caused by differing responses in economic policy to the same operative events .
LANG_ENG With our personal style of consulting , we have nurtured enduring customer relationships in the most diverse lines of business .
LANG_ENG Fishing activity is essential to the economic and social development of coastal communities , because it contributes to the galvanisation of regions and fosters activity in related sectors .
LANG_ENG If your clock is slow , the weight on the pendulum must be raised; if it is fast , it must be lowered .
LANG_ENG We must not criticise the failure to promote women to decision-taking positions; we must criticise the fact that worthy women are prevented from competing with worthy men .
LANG_ENG It was through this musical proposal , known as School of Berlin , which created the myth Giorgio Moroder Donna Summer disco era .
LANG_ENG You can see him on the picture together with mr . Alfred Pernold , officer in charge at the &quot; OeSV &quot; for off shore .
LANG_ENG In my view , we cannot express a sound opinion on research programmes lasting several years , whose ethical aspects are fundamental , and then suddenly vote on the Fiori report which could lose a significant amount of its political impact .
LANG_ENG How do I add my Hyatt Gold Passport account number to my reservations ?
LANG_ENG You said that the resources promised for the funds to support the dairy sector will be allocated to Member States according to an historical factor , in other words , based on the negotiated quotas .
LANG_ENG We in the June List are strongly opposed to the mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo being used further to strengthen the EU " s common foreign and security policy .
LANG_ENG Apart " hotel is within walking distance of the Kensington museums .
LANG_ENG The format , or kind of document , is listed at the top .
LANG_ENG Two terraces and a comfortable 77 m ² await you .
LANG_ENG and U.E.F.A approved , and the various games will be refereed by referees from the Rome section of the AIA . Numerous applications have already been received for this important event .
LANG_ENG For passing on , printing or selling information derived from this file writted permission by the EROMM Steering Committee is required .
LANG_ENG The regulations are clear .
LANG_ENG The first is agriculture , which is an important element because it creates lasting employment and provides food for the entire family .
LANG_ENG This revealed that certain adjustments had been made in Member States .
LANG_ENG I do not know how many times I have taken up this question since I first came into this Parliament a few years ago and how many times I &apos; ve tried to obtain clarification and clear interpretations from the Council about what is really going on .
LANG_ENG But we have the necessary know-how of making objective decisions and contributing rationalism . Whether you are building a water sports academy or establishing a new marketing-system - vB-Marine advisors will help you realizing your dream !
LANG_ENG This location could only reached when runoff from White Glacier was greatly reduced and the meltwater streams could be crossed safely .
LANG_ENG The rapporteur is aware that the Commission has some powers , but not all .
LANG_ENG The seller must refund the price paid by the purchaser minus an amount taking into account the period of use of the standard software .
LANG_ENG If it is possible to do yet more in this area , then the Commission is of course willing to look into this .
LANG_ENG It says nothing about the extreme elements around the Orange Order who burnt three Protestant children to death because their mother was a Catholic .
LANG_ENG • Tavole Palatine - They were built at the end of the VI century B.C. The 15 Doric columns belonging to an ancient temple still give the idea of cultural greatness of this place .
LANG_ENG The sofware , the MMORPG and the associated services are supplied by Winch Gate Property Limited &apos; as is &apos; , with no other guarantee than the legally-required minimum public order guarantees applicable to this Contract .
LANG_ENG I therefore congratulate the Portuguese Presidency .
LANG_ENG EUR 0.75 city / tourist tax per person per night is not included .
LANG_ENG But to dismiss them would be unwise , because their utopian aspirations are based on genuine and legitimate anxieties .
LANG_ENG Yet these plans are still very remote to many citizens , who are largely unaware of them .
LANG_ENG The goal of po-pod is to allow translators to work only with well known po files when translating pod documentation .
LANG_ENG If a honeymoon is meant to be a celebration of love in an intimate , secluded , and most importantly , beautiful setting , then the Maldives is the world " s best backdrop for all these things .
LANG_ENG Lastly , the carbon tax: I have some concerns about this , but at least we are debating these very important issues in this House and tomorrow we will take a vote on them .
LANG_ENG The fact that we are credible and that our predictions concerning inflation correspond to our definition of price stability offer the European economy a particularly favourable financial environment .
LANG_ENG  (Explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with Rule 137 (1) of the Rules of Procedure) 
LANG_ENG We have been asked to check that we have a quorum .
LANG_ENG As regards the report , we have resolutely advocated that the ECB does not become politicised .
LANG_ENG How can we talk of peace when the island of Cyprus , which is part of Europe , and Constantinople , an imperial city of Europe , are yet to be liberated ?
LANG_ENG The price of the insurance would have to be adjusted regularly to adjust for varying public knowledge of the likelihood of a recession , and people could not be allowed to cancel their policies , and stop making payments , whenever the economic outlook became rosier .
LANG_ENG But the Netherlands Presidency is not alone in this: only 13 countries out of 25 have done their homework .
LANG_ENG That excess household and government consumption fueled the domestic economy - and much of the global economy as well .
LANG_ENG Sales could reach 4.9 billion euro , up 2 per cent .
LANG_ENG &#91; 2 &#93; My own reflections on the plebeian , which are only briefly sketched in the following , are part of a larger study of the Roman struggles over order between the patricians and the plebeians and a resultant political theory of immunization .
LANG_ENG If you like to get to know more about Malaga , click HERE .
LANG_ENG Over 10,000 on-board computer systems have been build up today at BTSE and perform their mission every day with many NATO Air Forces .
LANG_ENG Hence this resolution had to be read with the prudence appropriate to those who reaffirm principles and above all else appeal for peace .
LANG_ENG It is non-existent with regard to a common approach on the Middle East , which is our most critical contemporary political problem , and on which the US unfortunately adopts a partisan role .
LANG_ENG Whether enjoying the sunshine on the roof terrace , relaxing and entertaining in your tranquil , designer space or stepping out into the city centre , the Ramelleres Terraza II apartment is ideal for your Barcelona stay .
LANG_ENG The prolonged failure to reach agreement is exacerbating the climate of economic uncertainty and is damaging the credibility of the multilateral trade system .
LANG_ENG I am pleased , therefore , that the rapporteur has recognised this by extending this transition phase to two years .
LANG_ENG Yesterday , tuesday 16 February 2010 the Runewalker was challenged by a brave hero to a duel at around 21: 30h CET on server Cogadh !
LANG_ENG I would ask the Council and the Commission what point has been reached in disarming the armed militia that attacked Israel .
LANG_ENG Our event team will be happy to give professional advice and welcome you and your guests in one of 18 modern conference and meeting rooms that are equipped for conventions , conferences and receptions of 10-450 people .
LANG_ENG Travelling in a group ? If you are booking for a large number of people and cannot find enough availability online , click here to send us the details .
LANG_ENG Coordination of recovery efforts should be more efficient , and enhanced coordination is not only the responsibility of the governments but also the responsibility of Brussels .
LANG_ENG Driven by extensive tax cuts , private consumption expanded in particular , but business spending too has increased again recently .
LANG_ENG AMC-Gent can not be held responsible for the content of these external website .
LANG_ENG 7 And now , ye see by this that our first parents were a cut off both temporally and spiritually from the b presence of the Lord; and thus we see they became subjects to follow after their own c will .
LANG_ENG Amendment No 20 includes parts which we can accept , particularly the principle on decisions with regard to implementation measures and that they should be carried by majority decision .
LANG_ENG Your manoeuver have been successful ! At last , the enemy is retreating and it " s now time for your subordinates to bring back their victory reports: No doubt they will call for both a tactical and a strategic wins !
LANG_ENG Negative public opinion is of course reinforced by the EU &apos;s inability to get a grip on corruption , and by its failure to effectively dismantle the bureaucratic apparatus - I am thinking , for example , of the way our Parliament meets in two places .
LANG_ENG I refer to the discrimination in terms of television coverage of the Friday morning session .
LANG_ENG But are more subjective factors like race or ethnicity also relevant ?
LANG_ENG So I can only think that she is misinformed and , on that generous basis , I look forward to negotiating sincerely and in good faith with the EPP and with all other groups .
LANG_ENG The water-cooled two-cylinder diesel tractor produces 26 hp and is made according to a modular system together with the first Steyr diesel truck .
LANG_ENG I never went with the thought to be able to help other people , but living with them would be an unforgettable experience , for me as well as for the people out there .
LANG_ENG One child from 12 to 16 years is charged EUR 19.00 per night and person in an extra bed .
LANG_ENG Warm food and snacks are served until 2 a.m.
LANG_ENG He is right to do so but we do not give any succour to the guerrillas , whose abuse of human rights we condemn , when we say that over 75% of human rights abuses are caused by the paramilitaries and the army .
LANG_ENG I would say the same about Amendment No 2 , which we would also accept with a slight modification , since the idea seems to us to be basically correct .
LANG_ENG Welcome to Anuncios Clasificados Gratuitos / Compra Venta Regalos Contactos Bolsa de Trabajo Motor Servicios Gratis .
LANG_ENG Only 5 min by foot from the cathedral .
LANG_ENG In this regard , the Council of General Affairs Ministers - that is to say the Foreign Affairs Ministers of the 25 States of the Union - yesterday issued a protest at the development of the situation in Belarus .
LANG_ENG The compromise amendments , however , have made everything quite clear .
LANG_ENG We look forward to hearing from you .
LANG_ENG The Higher Education Guide which the DAAD publishes in cooperation with the German Rectors &apos; Conference - The Voice of the Universities - will show you which German universities or colleges offer the subject of your choice .
LANG_ENG I have talked to some experts on the issue , who say that it is extremely important because western and former Soviet experts work together in the same plant to analyse the situation .
LANG_ENG I hope so , Mr Prodi .
LANG_ENG Thank you for getting in touch with us by e-mail .
LANG_ENG I read too that China is anxious for its children to be able to have access to milk and it is extraordinary that with that in mind , our children in Europe are apparently drinking less and less of it .
LANG_ENG As the report highlights , the current stream of migrants is causing huge tensions between the countries of origin , the recipient countries and the transit countries , as well as within the recipient countries themselves .
LANG_ENG The debate is closed .
LANG_ENG There are two points still outstanding .
LANG_ENG Reenactment of one of the most fascinating legends of the Island of Elba , a procession of over ...
LANG_ENG I am pleased that they have been , in the most part , respected .
LANG_ENG I would like to look at a subject that has been widely discussed lately: capital movements , especially short-term ones .
LANG_ENG Mr President , first and foremost , I would like to start by thanking the shadow rapporteurs and others involved for the good cooperation we have enjoyed over the period in which we were working on the Consumer Markets Scoreboard .
LANG_ENG We need to assign responsibilities to all the sectors involved in information and communication technologies in order to create a culture of security .
LANG_ENG Anthea Restaurant and Terrace serves a variety of meals from breakfast and luncheon buffets to lavish à la carte and buffet theme nights .
LANG_ENG Please activate JavaScript on your computer .
LANG_ENG We have to ensure that we always select the correct instruments and that there will be logical interaction between the various parties involved .
LANG_ENG We actively support the Open Source community with help in securing their projects .
LANG_ENG With its GANTER , GANTER AKTIV and GANTER SENSITIV lines GANTER offers a wide range of men " s and women " s models .
LANG_ENG ) will ensure that the network interface is enabled once it becomes available , there is no guarantee that this will finish before the boot sequence begins to start network services , some of which may not behave correctly in the absence of the network interface .
LANG_ENG The suggestion I made some time ago that we should have a sub-heading has not found favour .
LANG_ENG Thank you .
LANG_ENG What " s more each new project defines new tasks .
LANG_ENG If you have already created a PlayStation ® Network account using a PS3 ™ system or through PlayStation ® Store (PC version), you can use that PlayStation ® Network account .
LANG_ENG During the Venetian Summer , the private beach facilities , swimming pools , tennis facilities and golf in Venice Lido are exclusive to guests of the Hotel Gritti Palace .
LANG_ENG We know that the donation system is being abused to finance terrorism .
LANG_ENG By 2012 the Commission will also review , pursuant to Article 21 , whether it would be appropriate to extend the scope of the directive to products that are not relevant to energy consumption but that do have a bearing on resource conservation .
LANG_ENG There is a wide variety of terrain with potential for interesting training for every family , club or team .
LANG_ENG This luxury yacht have place for up to 6 guests .
LANG_ENG Conveniently located near the International Airport of Guarulhos , the Hotel Panamby offers 4-star accommodations and an efficient shuttle service between the hotel and the airport .
LANG_ENG Our 4-star hotel is just waiting for your visit , and now we have made it even more beautiful , modern and comfortable without losing any of its traditional family charm .
LANG_ENG Suitable for up to 2000 m (6500 ft) film spools and reels .
LANG_ENG It is important that this procedure , which in the meantime has been christened the &quot; Tillich-Mulder &apos; procedure , is also adopted by the Commission and the Council in equally positive terms .
LANG_ENG But is it a wish come true for Susanne - or the key to a Pandora &apos;s box of family problems ?
LANG_ENG I say &apos; astonishing &apos; because the vast number of applicants in my constituency have passed through several safe countries prior to their arrival there .
LANG_ENG The hotel will add an additional cost to all payments made by credit card (no fee for debit cards).
LANG_ENG MatchWork Back Office System is the Partner Area of MatchWork .
LANG_ENG Thank you very much , Commissioner , for this reply which is both practical and sets out some of the priorities .
LANG_ENG Facebook and the Internet have broken the isolation of many , too many , fake democracies which have long lingered in many regions of the world .
LANG_ENG IBM Rational &apos;s Open Access for RPG (RPG OA) is a strategic investment in RPG , enabling native RPG code to deliver modern user experiences (UX) across multiple platforms , UIs and devices like web , RIA , iPhone , iPad and Android smartphones .
LANG_ENG Two-roomed apartment on the first floor of the central building of the farm estate " Il Poggetto " , facing southwest , with a terrace allowing a panoramic view of the most beautiful Tuscan hills and the medieval town of San Gimignano .
LANG_ENG Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca (c . 1490 - c . 1559) was an early Spanish explorer of the New World and is remembered as a protoanthropological author .
LANG_ENG The EU does not need to do very much .
LANG_ENG Thus , we have achieved this following a long journey which this House embarked upon by knocking on the doors of the Commission and the Council , and we must remember the excellent work done by Mr Hughes throughout this long process .
LANG_ENG Our Suites welcome you with a small living room and a large bedroom with a Queen bed .
LANG_ENG After the success of advertising which incorporated Numericable Justice DANCE as a soundtrack is to imagine the turn to take the trademark Justice for its new campaign .
LANG_ENG 9 Now , it came to pass that when I had heard these words I began to feel a a desire for the b welfare of my brethren , the Nephites; wherefore , I did c pour out my whole soul unto God for them .
LANG_ENG Although aviation accounts for only approximately 3% of global CO2 emissions , this proportion is growing constantly .
LANG_ENG Some children , however , are criminally abducted and are never found .
LANG_ENG We have not seen in China what we saw in Burma , as discussed in the previous debate .
LANG_ENG What is more , this works in both directions .
LANG_ENG In my view and the view of other members of the Commission , there is not only a strategic and economic argument but also a moral argument for enlargement .
LANG_ENG What we have had ever since 2008 is repeated hesitation and internal wrangling between Member States and the institutions , and each time , a painfully extracted response - but produced too late and constituting less than what was required .
LANG_ENG We failed last time to have a common system for all of the institutions but this now seems possible .
LANG_ENG Formerly there was a drawbridge , the remains of whose pulley system can still be seen .
LANG_ENG What is needed is a combination of repressive measures and social commitment . We should therefore be trying to combine a policy of repression with social responsibility .
LANG_ENG Thank you , Commissioner , for your detailed answer , which , together with the information given by Commissioner Mandelson in the debate earlier today , has left me fully satisfied .
LANG_ENG In the debate on tax evasion in the area of taxation of savings income and VAT , I would like to draw attention to the following matters .
LANG_ENG Baby Brittannica di Brittasgang was rewarded Excellent 2 , res .
LANG_ENG In order to fully achieve its objective , the money supply released by such a tax must be redistributed among the poorest countries .
LANG_ENG On a personal note , I should like to extend my own warmest thanks and congratulations to Mr Bowis on his contribution: I fully share the sentiments he expressed .
LANG_ENG I might add that , when it came to the issue of the transitional period , we had to find a middle path , from an economic point of view .
LANG_ENG If you prefer to book by phone please call our Call Center at + 39 02 89057168 , operators can advise you and help you in your booking or suggest the best cheap Hotel deals in San Giovanni Rotondo .
LANG_ENG We , Mrs Segelström , Mr Andersson , Mrs Hedh , Mrs Hedkvist Petersen and Mrs Westlund voted in favour of the report but wish now to indicate our differing position on one issue .
LANG_ENG And could he say how many countries replied that they did not want these wastes ?
LANG_ENG If not , this might be the reason why you cannot log in and why you also will not receive a new password upon request .
LANG_ENG Families staying at a residence Bellariva can take advantage of special services designed for children , such as entertainment , discounts to enter the main funfairs and special agreements with the nearby bathing establishments .
LANG_ENG There is a room with a four-poster bed that is ideal for honeymoon couples or anyone taking a romantic break .
LANG_ENG I therefore believe that our fears concerning restrictions on human rights and civil liberties are not entirely well-founded .
LANG_ENG Sunworld Safaris - Your 4x4 Specialist in Kenya and Tanzania .
LANG_ENG Ladies and gentlemen , in particular I should like to greet the following in our midst: Ignasi Guardans , who led the delegation , Daniel Caspary , Béla Glattfelder , Syed Kamall , Sajjad Karim , Erika Mann , Jan Tadeusz Masiel and Mia De Vits .
LANG_ENG We will travel Sitia Bay down to Agia Fotia .
LANG_ENG It still isn &apos;t too late if you haven &apos;t met us there , you can catch us on may 5-6th at the Vienna Marathon expo .
LANG_ENG In this regard we can learn from the struggle against alcohol and tobacco addiction .
LANG_ENG Europe can be the peace intermediary to bring such a peaceful solution to the island of Sri Lanka and peace for the Tamil and Sinhalese communities and others in Sri Lanka .
LANG_ENG The Commission is demonstrating progressive insight , that is , you can increase the control of food and certainly of meat by placing greater responsibility with the people who have to carry out the control .
LANG_ENG I would like you to tell me that .
LANG_ENG The itinerary , well marked by specific signs , also leads to the ferruginous springs that were already well-known in the past and today still an attraction in Bresimo .
LANG_ENG To get rid of this problem completely , try the second option given below .
LANG_ENG The SONIC CORE Booster Boards provide uncomplicated power doubling / multiplying for SONIC CORE systems .
LANG_ENG The halls are equipped with the copying apparatus , computers and multimedia projectors .
LANG_ENG But that is also a good exercise , since I must note the words correctly in that exercise .
LANG_ENG Booking.com: Vip Executive Suites Eden Aparthotel , Lisboa , Portugal - 452 Guest reviews .
LANG_ENG Not only Mr Lukashenko , but all representatives of his administration , too , must be isolated to the greatest extent possible .
LANG_ENG Mr President , our thanks to the rapporteur , Mr Brunetta , for his thorough report on access to electronic communications networks as part of the open network provisions package .
LANG_ENG The Balkans have already made huge advances on the road to rapprochement with the EU , but the prospect of accession will most certainly encourage states to continue their efforts at integration with the Community .
LANG_ENG been financially supported by the Federal Ministry of Science and Research .
LANG_ENG If you do not accept the following license , then you are not allowed to use or distribute this software .
LANG_ENG What is the Commission &apos;s assessment of the effect on competitiveness of the numerous and different standards and regulations on certification within the European Union and what measures does the Commission intend to take in this connection ?
LANG_ENG In the West , we should support our American allies &apos; quest to complete the unfinished business of ridding the world of this extremely evil man .
LANG_ENG Unlike other traditional file encoding algorithms such as base64 or uuencoding , codegroup exclusively uses the 26 letter alphabet .
LANG_ENG We also have to find other mechanisms to speed up the procedures so that the citizens do not lose patience .
LANG_ENG Finally some convenient Exim options are listed .
LANG_ENG The process of separation aims to separate the recyclables (metals , glass , plastics and paper) from the non-recyclable waste , thus reducing the amount of waste that should go to landfill with up to 30 percent .
LANG_ENG The American version of a true Boulanger .
LANG_ENG A seat on three sites is the most incredible waste of time , money , travel and transport .
LANG_ENG The Commission &apos;s analysis seems to be pertinent .
LANG_ENG The insulation characteristics of JSP foams , along with their durability and new available colors , make these materials ideal for beverage cooler , hot food containers , portable refrigeration such as for camping , RV and boating use .
LANG_ENG This is a question which a sculptor may ask when working on three-dimensional sculptures that unfold their effect in space .
LANG_ENG The supercardioid has the greatest directional effect of any first-order pressure gradient transducer .
LANG_ENG Today we know that in this natural fermenting process , the malt sugars derived from starch in our brewhouse are converted into alcohol and carbon dioxide .
LANG_ENG Guests who have paid a deposit , or supplied an acceptable form of guarantee for their reservation , are guaranteed the price which was in force at the time the reservation was made .
LANG_ENG Ozone is a naturally occurring component of fresh air .
LANG_ENG Also symptomatic of this process of selective historical memory , for instance , is the way in which former dissidents under socialism quickly became opportunistic turncoats ready to trample their former ideals in the name of the realization of ethnic teleology and raisons d &apos; etat .
LANG_ENG There is simply a great need for information on this directive in the European Union .
LANG_ENG All of the rooms having private shower and toilet , balcony and seaview .
LANG_ENG 3 votes &#124; 1473 views &#124; 4 com .
LANG_ENG Welcome to the web site of Rostyl Company , one of the largest funeral service providers in Romania .
LANG_ENG Thirdly , we may well have disregarded or underestimated the importance of one of our tasks .
LANG_ENG The module is designed for the design , selection and control of rolling bearings .
LANG_ENG Turn back again towards Col Raiser shortly before the access point to Sass Rigais .
LANG_ENG Importance is also attached to common requirements for certification service providers and certificates and also to the provision of mutual recognition , the introduction of liability rules and cross-border provisions .
LANG_ENG Have fun and enjoy it here right now . Yours Ina .
LANG_ENG The single market is not about a fortress with a level playing field inside .
LANG_ENG In the age of globalisation , human rights have a political and economic importance that goes over and above the humanitarian aspect , as demonstrated by the recent Asian crisis .
LANG_ENG Events such as Photo Cairo , the Home Works Forum in Beirut and the Sharjah Biennial have become serious platforms for the development of contemporary art practices with a critical edge .
LANG_ENG lay the foundations for the future European Union .
LANG_ENG Zemat TG attended the outdoor advertising trade fair in Turkey , The SIGN ISTANBUL 2009 , one the largest fairs of this type in the region !
LANG_ENG Leader of the embattled South China house church movement arrested and sentenced to death in December 2001 .
LANG_ENG Here today , too , it has been said many times over that the public must be included in the decision-making process , although , unfortunately , this very often gets forgotten in practice .
LANG_ENG Islanders enjoy many local dance styles including the quadrille &quot; au commandement &quot; , zouk , zouk-love , and toumbélé . Music includes la biguine and gwo ka la base .
LANG_ENG The design was to be used on German street signs and house numbers .
LANG_ENG This list of what we think are downright objectionable items of expenditure in the EU can be extended still further .
LANG_ENG As we produce biofuels , so our energy dependence will diminish .
LANG_ENG Moreover , the gap between growth in services and growth in manufacturing and construction widened over the first two quarters of 2013 , following annual gains of 8.1% in both sectors in 2012 .
LANG_ENG However , it seems that these are bad times for Pakistan and that too many people are failing to face up to their responsibilities .
LANG_ENG All this and incredible food and beautiful countryside will ensure you &apos;ll never forget your visit to Conil de la Frontera .
LANG_ENG Jaca is a city with a very dense history , that traces back centuries before Christ .
LANG_ENG All of this has already emerged from certain elements of the Council of Europe investigation .
LANG_ENG Thanks to this winning combination we can truly say the manduca ® grows with your child .
LANG_ENG This machine allows operators to select the steering mode that is the best for the job at the flip of a switch in the cab .
LANG_ENG It automatically detects the need for any codec that you would require to visualize your audio and video files .
LANG_ENG With 120 square metres space , this house is fully adapted for people with physical handicap that require wheelchair assistance .
LANG_ENG Click thumbnail to see larger photo .
LANG_ENG B: If you arrived at Qufu Train Station , you could take No.5 bus and get off at the station of PI FA SHANG CHENG , then take No.1 bus and get off at the station of Yan Temple .
LANG_ENG I can use a series of phrases and sentences to describe in simple terms my family and other people , living conditions , my educational background and my present or most recent job .
LANG_ENG However , I feel bound to state that the Commission &apos;s statement is extremely unsatisfactory .
LANG_ENG This article is about the biology term .
LANG_ENG Due to improvements in VTE , GNOME Terminal users will notice much less memory is used .
LANG_ENG The line between food supplements and medicinal products is not sufficiently well defined .
LANG_ENG If the client is a tradesman , faults are to be reported immediately , at the latest within 3 days an reception of the goods , in written form .
LANG_ENG The Music department at St. George " s School is an important and expanding one .
LANG_ENG Our response should not be that there are not enough chairs around the European table or that we are having problems drawing up house rules .
LANG_ENG We offer practical lessons if desired by the students . For example , we take students to the markets , in museums and various other places to engage in real situations .
LANG_ENG Tina: we spend a good time here !
LANG_ENG Moreover , this concern is taken into account throughout the MEDIA Plus programme , primarily through positive discrimination measures in the support mechanisms in favour of professionals operating in countries and regions with low production capacity and with a limited geographic or linguistic scope .
LANG_ENG The course that impressed me most , was the 2-week intensive-course  Basic Management Skills (BMS)  offered by the ETH .
LANG_ENG Prospecting always yields at least 1 gem .
LANG_ENG But , whereas Abbas appointed Salam Fayyad , a veteran economist who is respected in the West , as his new prime minister , he probably should have picked someone capable of being tough , organizing his forces , and fighting back .
LANG_ENG As a former mayor , I also welcome the emphasis placed by the Commission on the urban dimension of structural policy , which is stronger in the new legislation .
LANG_ENG I regard this report as particularly important , for very many reasons .
LANG_ENG National marks do not indicate that additional properties of a product have been tested , nor do they say anything about the quality of a construction product .
LANG_ENG I would have liked to propose a list of this kind myself , but I believe that , at the moment , there is too much uncertainty surrounding such a list , to warrant such a proposal .
LANG_ENG The enemy has the advantage in an enemy (red) region .
LANG_ENG He was awarded third place in the Austrian &quot; Constantinus &quot; IT prize in 2005 for this innovative business management concept .
LANG_ENG Before you download or use JMover please read the Terms of Service .
LANG_ENG The robbed personal honor could not be restored by penalty , but only with blood (death) or assigning (Ndera e marrun nuk shpërblehet me gja , por a me të derdhun të gjakut , a me të falun fisnikërisht .
LANG_ENG This looks and feels to me like the beginnings of successful partnership .
LANG_ENG Echo has plans to provide aid amounting to EUR 1.5 million to all the displaced persons staying close to the various front lines , namely in the Panshir valley - where there is talk of displaced persons following the fighting in April and May - and in Kabul .
LANG_ENG 100m away and surrounded by beautiful flower gardens , you will find the volcanic sand beach called Playa Jardin . The Hotel has five floors and six elevators that will take you directly to the top floor where you will have a beautiful view of the town .
LANG_ENG The lack of transparency from financial intermediaries has taken the specific form of tax evasion and fraud and has contributed to the tough situation we are currently faced with .
LANG_ENG The respect of almost invisible light flashing and wild police gestures is going against zero .
LANG_ENG The market village is the valley " s administrative and educational centre .
LANG_ENG The politics of the Western Sahara issue is complex and I want to focus my remarks primarily on human rights , although , obviously , there is a crossover between the two .
LANG_ENG Currently EOS offers world-wide 11 jobs in different locations .
LANG_ENG Martok &apos;s fleet follows behind , and launches an assault to clear the sector of all Romulan presence .
LANG_ENG Europe will not generate renewed enthusiasm until such time as it becomes truly democratic and listens to the wishes and needs of its peoples and citizens .
LANG_ENG France certainly has the tools to cope .
LANG_ENG The fact that an undertaking closes one of its factories and concentrates its production in only one processing plant - as is the case in Ireland - does not modify its quota or decrease its total production .
LANG_ENG They not only gave their writing system , which they had adopted from the Sogdians , to the Mongols under Chinggis Khan , but were the first to introduce Buddhism to the Mongols .
LANG_ENG Some of the rooms boast a terrace .
LANG_ENG At best , everything has been moving forwards with the speed and method of the Echternach dancing procession .
LANG_ENG Adjustment towards the medium-term budgetary objectives should be stepped up and pro-cyclical budgetary policies ought to be avoided .
LANG_ENG In a competitive battle of this kind , ports that service a common hinterland will destroy each other .
LANG_ENG However , if this amendment were to be adopted , valuable knowledge would be lost , particularly as regards endangered species of fish .
LANG_ENG So , to me , it seems completely paradoxical that the Council now wants suddenly to re-establish the special directive on sports food .
LANG_ENG Chiclana is famous for its wines and they are well worth checking out . There is a wide range available .
LANG_ENG introduction of the provisions regarding cross-border pollution .
LANG_ENG But first , we wish you lots of fun browsing our website .
LANG_ENG PFOS and PFOS-related substances are highly fluorinated and extremely difficult to break down .
LANG_ENG The Treaty , the whole Treaty and nothing but the Treaty , including the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
LANG_ENG In my view , all these points need to be looked into; there are 22 arrest warrants out for CIA agents , and we are still waiting for the Italian Government to issue the extradition requests .
LANG_ENG Treatment begins as soon as you put on your shoe !
LANG_ENG A free computer terminal with internet access can be found in the lobby . Wi-Fi internet access is available throughout the hotel for an additional fee .
LANG_ENG After disasters of this kind , people &apos;s first response is often to find someone to blame .
LANG_ENG There is no doubt that Mr Andreasen &apos;s report is an excellent contribution to this task .
LANG_ENG DIMDI - the German Institute of Medical Documentation and Information - was founded in 1969 and is an institute within the scope of the German Federal Ministry of Health (BMG).
LANG_ENG The city gets most of its season al rainfall from the north-east monsoon winds , from Mid October to Mid December .
LANG_ENG The tempreature of the rest of the springs is about 40 ° C.
LANG_ENG Whilst welcoming the extension of the work of the ad hoc commission advising on pardons for prisoners unjustly convicted of terrorism offences , we call for full judicial review of these cases , and for full compensation to be paid in accordance with international human rights laws .
LANG_ENG Small trickles by now , dried in the &quot; jaguar sun . &quot; The facts tell us that from the dawn of time it was the romantic beauty of Capri to give the cuisine its flavor and not the other way round .
LANG_ENG Very nice hotel , in the centre , beautiful rooms , excellent restaurant , good breakfast .
LANG_ENG Through learning and training we can eliminate inequality and poverty , reduce youth unemployment , create new and better jobs , and ease the transition to a knowledge-based economy .
LANG_ENG I have no wish to repeat the views of other members which I agree with .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG Our reference object 2009 - the polar station Neumayer III - impressively shows how the conventional joining techniques (like welding , rivetting , bolting) can be replaced by high standard bonding .
LANG_ENG That depends on respect for human beings and for our ecosystem .
LANG_ENG To mark the occasion , I wish today to extend a particular welcome to all the female Members of this House and give them an emphatic vote of thanks for their commitment .
LANG_ENG Here &apos;s the worst part: The Windows Recycle Bin doesn &apos;t capture all deleted files .
LANG_ENG At just under 7200 yards , this is no ordinary playing experience .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Mr Prodi , you spoke a moment ago about sustainable development which is to take place worldwide .
LANG_ENG The type of operation is strongly related to the age of the patients . There is no trend visible for an increasing use by male or young women .
LANG_ENG While we all know that for many people in China there has been a real long-term improvement in their economic prospects and their social and economic liberties , there is a dark side to the picture as well .
LANG_ENG It would not be appropriate if Parliament waded into the discussion like a bull in a china shop .
LANG_ENG He was familiar with the history of the area from the land speed record attempts .
LANG_ENG The restaurant is an ideal meeting point for relaxing moments .
LANG_ENG Homely and confortable hotel , only 9 room but with all comforts .
LANG_ENG It is important if the internal market , and more particularly the single currency , is to operate effectively .
LANG_ENG One of the main challenges is education , that is to say , investment in human capital , which brings great benefits .
LANG_ENG I think that we first of all need the political will .
LANG_ENG A good case can be good for me and bad for another , and vice versa .
LANG_ENG I declare the vote open .
LANG_ENG The only safe thing to do is to leave the softening agents out of our children &apos;s toys completely .
LANG_ENG You can find these combinations for example in museums and television documentaries .
LANG_ENG Tip: Due to huge list of &quot; ... neural networks ... &quot; related keyword pages listed on this page , use the &quot; Find in Page &quot; function below .
LANG_ENG By the 1860s the fashion for afternoon or " high tea " had become widespread and had evolved into decadent affairs , with tea drunk from the best china and bite-size morsels of food presented delicately on small china plates .
LANG_ENG As the rapporteur rightly pointed out , many Member States protect want to protect their own national interests .
LANG_ENG All the major environmental problems we see at present will be resolved by new technology . This is something of which I am convinced .
LANG_ENG Despite violence and widespread poverty , Hondurans are friendly people who appreciate a respectful manner .
LANG_ENG If we like your idea we might put it in the product soon .
LANG_ENG The Group &apos;s sales increased by 2% to € 39.7 billion .
LANG_ENG Sitemap: A detailled overview about this website .
LANG_ENG The railway stations in the Etschtal valley offer more than only getting into the train .
LANG_ENG All pet families now have one unique ability .
LANG_ENG In 1905 the Czechs built hut in Slovene style , but it was furnished with Czech interior .
LANG_ENG I would like to know that , because it would be perfect to see that leader and to follow their initiatives .
LANG_ENG When we adopt the Minutes for today &apos; s sitting tomorrow , then any Members who think the positions have not been explained clearly enough may ask for amendments .
LANG_ENG In an effort to cooperate and start building upon PHP / FI &apos;s existing user-base , Andi , Rasmus and Zeev decided to cooperate and announce PHP 3.0 as the official successor of PHP / FI 2.0 , and development of PHP / FI 2.0 was mostly halted .
LANG_ENG Starcraft 2 comes out this year ?
LANG_ENG A private boat landing on the Grand Canal , esures the outmost comfort for guests whom , on arrival will be greeted by the hotel &apos;s sumptuous lobby , decorated with wood panelling and antique veneered Venetian walls .
LANG_ENG Enjoy this sea-shore experience and feel the freshness on your skin .
LANG_ENG Unfortunately , in many cases the EU does not show solidarity in its internal relations .
LANG_ENG The Hotel Osuna is surrounded by lovely green gardens , and has a large outdoor swimming pool , open from July to September .
LANG_ENG Крім того , ми рекомендуємо пограти також з Румунську - Англійську уроками .
LANG_ENG All of us at Minerva Biolabs including scientists , technicians , and craftspeople are dedicated to this belief .
LANG_ENG Finally , I hope that the seeds sown by the Tsatsos report will produce a flourishing political life in Europe .
LANG_ENG Hotel Latour Maubourg boasts a privileged location from which to explore Paris .
LANG_ENG All of these jars are recyclable !
LANG_ENG LEDON Lighting mainly supplies the Zumtobel Group brands with LED modules and components .
LANG_ENG Vietnam benefits from the European Union &apos;s preferential tariff system .
LANG_ENG One might be able to defend the museum as one viewpoint among many in a pluralist democracy .
LANG_ENG America will , of course , continue to put pressure on its allies , but democracy has a way of limiting the effectiveness of such pressure .
LANG_ENG - I would certainly enjoy a polemical exchange with the honourable Member on some other occasion and to share with him , as a former colonial oppressor myself , our respective views of the imperial legacy , but perhaps I can respond to the honourable Member once again .
LANG_ENG That in itself is a contradiction so would he please clarify the matter .
LANG_ENG The issue of European identity , too , has been examined from various starting points .
LANG_ENG Guests can reach Isamar by the beach - it &apos;s a 200 metres walk - or by road . All Guests are provided with a bracelet to access the Village .
LANG_ENG The city &apos;s main shopping and entertainment districts are within easy walking distance and the main conference centres , the Odyssey and Waterfront Hall , are just 5 minutes away .
LANG_ENG Also the Enhancer plugin helps you to change image focus and recover lost details , improves sharpness of blurred images . The tool makes tone correction by certain colors .
LANG_ENG Mr President , in the past there have been many differences and even quarrels between the Council and Parliament on the subject of Kosovo .
LANG_ENG The Village of Crespi is still inhabited .
LANG_ENG May brings all the colours of the nature .
LANG_ENG Amendments Nos 21 and 30 , which I supported , were also designed to promote greater respect for other countries " legislation .
LANG_ENG At 15 days , the loan ends and no longer usable within your ebook .
LANG_ENG Fine Flamenco sounds accompany what happens in the restaurant and make their contribution to the wellbeing of the guests .
LANG_ENG Moreover , I believe that we should not buy and trade home-grown talent , but rather , as is usual in the United States , allocate talented players to clubs by lot .
LANG_ENG  (FR) Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is indeed vital to know whether the directive on misleading and comparative advertising has been properly transposed and applied in the Member States .
LANG_ENG Note: Nationals not referred to in the chart above are advised to contact the embassy to check visa requirements (see Contact Addresses).
LANG_ENG The renowned beauty treatments by famous cosmetic companies and the fine skills of our well-trained staff guarantee your beauty and vitality .
LANG_ENG Would you like a customized Oamos version on your website ? Do you need some advice ?
LANG_ENG Mr President , too often after a terrorist atrocity blame focuses on the authorities concerned . We have heard something of that this morning .
LANG_ENG At Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , baggage drop-off points open at 5: 00am for all flights .
LANG_ENG Bees are an integral part of the food chain: without bees , beekeepers , crops , fruit and nuts will be adversely affected .
LANG_ENG All these aspects make Overtone Analyzer a perfect tool for overtone singers who want to improve their technique or study specific pieces , as it expands the understanding of this art and gives accurate feedback over which harmonics are being sung .
LANG_ENG After that , the photos are imported into a stitching tool . I use PT Assembler , which is a very flexible tool giving you a lot control but also offers a full automatic mode .
LANG_ENG I think it right that we should take a pragmatic approach , by starting with communicable diseases - which are the most urgent problem at the moment - and then see where we go from there .
LANG_ENG This hasn " t happened , and officials now acknowledge that they have a huge problem on their hands .
LANG_ENG You can try it online with our Spiromat applet .
LANG_ENG He wrote the Foreword for Barry Morse &apos; s 2006 theatrical memoir Remember With Advantages .
LANG_ENG In this context , we should be offering facilities to help drug addicts kick their habit .
LANG_ENG Most in vitro studies showed that TiF4 is effective in reducing the formation of carious and erosive enamel and dentine lesions .
LANG_ENG The sweeping changes underway in Asia are not just economic , but have also created new political realities that cannot be ignored .
LANG_ENG There has been an effective moratorium in place since then with the result that 53 people who were defined as subject to what we would call cruel and inhuman punishment , have had their cases put on one side .
LANG_ENG Yugoslavia is facing serious consequences if it does not fulfil the undertakings it has entered into .
LANG_ENG This applies in particular to the treatment of various degenerative diseases such as Alzheimer " s disease and Parkinson " s disease but also to more common diseases such as diabetes , the number of cases of which has rocketed .
LANG_ENG Turkey has strict legislation to protect its cultural heritage .
LANG_ENG They were more interested in creating visual images .
LANG_ENG I am sorry to disagree with your interpretation , but if that is indeed your interpretation , please communicate it in writing and the Bureau will reply .
LANG_ENG Within a year the sun rays 17,000 times more energy to earth than needed by humans .
LANG_ENG As of 2011 , an estimated 5.7 million residents (12% of the population) were immigrants - over a million more than in the significantly larger United Kingdom (with a population of 62 million).
LANG_ENG 1 teacher every 20 students is free .
LANG_ENG Let us see more of that type of work and not this shopping list of disconnected proposals .
LANG_ENG A first class hotel with 155 tastefully designed rooms equipped with bath / shower , cable-TV , mini-bar and a hair dryer .
LANG_ENG Clearly there is no place for Belarus in the Eastern Partnership .
LANG_ENG Of course , the problem between the &apos; ins &apos; and the &apos; outs &apos; will remain , but this is likely to be a minor factor .
LANG_ENG Cancer is the sign of this month . All about work , love and health of this water sign !
LANG_ENG Aenea Inn is set in the trendy Monti district , full of shops and restaurants . The Coliseum and the Roman Forum are nearby .
LANG_ENG I hope we can reach agreement on something corresponding to the Council &apos;s proposal .
LANG_ENG A wonderfull week with cold nights , perfect to concentrat the aroms in the berries and sunny days .
LANG_ENG The resort features indoor swimming pools , saunas , a wellness centre and a wide spectrum of activities for children and adults .
LANG_ENG Music has an influence on your customers: it improves the atmosphere , peps up your staff and strengthens the image of your brand .
LANG_ENG NORAD has confirmed that Santa and his fully-loaded , reindeer-powered sleigh took off from the North Pole and soared into the arctic sky at 6: 00 a.m. EST (5: 00 a.m. CST , 4: 00 a.m. MST , 3: 00 a.m. PST).
LANG_ENG Mr MacCormick and Mr Duff &apos;s reports lay down procedures for making these guarantees effective .
LANG_ENG On-site traning is an integral part of our scope of supply .
LANG_ENG At the beginning you see a flicker and a glimmer , as if the twinkling scales of the dragon " s skin have rubbed off , but more and more the school turns into an enchanted dragon garden .
LANG_ENG This section allows you to configure hardware and driver settings for your graphics card (s) as well as monitor (s).
LANG_ENG In Autumn , you can have our chesnut custard and , in spring , our strawberry custard .
LANG_ENG I hope also to serve it as a representative of a Europe credited with one of the greatest achievements of the twentieth century , namely the creation of the European Union .
LANG_ENG Zermatt &#91; 1 &#93; is a car-free village in the upper Valais , one of the alpine cantons of Switzerland .
LANG_ENG And I still do not have my trunk !
LANG_ENG Marching out from Ancyra through Pessinus , Valens proceeded into Phrygia where he defeated Procopius &apos;s general Gomoarius at the Battle of Thyatira .
LANG_ENG After the death of Clotaire (561), Gaule is divided between its four sons: Caribert is a king de Paris , Chilpéric king of Soissons , Gontran king d &apos; Orléans and of Burgundy , Sigebert king de Metz or of Austrasie .
LANG_ENG Returns an associative array of elements for each limit that is defined .
LANG_ENG &quot; From Galway To Graceland &quot; lyric and music by Richard Thompson .
LANG_ENG International policy coordination , which has been effective in averting a financial meltdown , should continue after the crisis , preferably in the form of a peer-review process in the G-20 underpinned by IMF analysis .
LANG_ENG Finally , and even though we are rather depleted in number , I should specifically like to thank Mr Howitt for what he has achieved .
LANG_ENG The analysis will be undertaken under the German Council Presidency , among others forums , in the framework of the High Level Work ­ shop in March of 2007 .
LANG_ENG A word mark watch enables you to react quickly and accurately against possible infringements on your word mark .
LANG_ENG The result is books that can &apos;t be pulled apart .
LANG_ENG The problem of the final disposal of nuclear waste has not been resolved .
LANG_ENG Neither the author nor the distributors , or any other contributor of this document are in any way responsible for physical , financial , moral or any other type of damage incurred by following the suggestions in this text .
LANG_ENG Or send a text message with your Flying Blue number and the word " ON " to + 44 77 81 488 747 .
LANG_ENG But above all , the von Wogau report highlights the fact that the euro is a leap forward , a big bang , in this process of continental political integration which began 40 years ago .
LANG_ENG Comprehensive structural renovations were a feature of the museum between 1978 and 1986 .
LANG_ENG NI Requirements Gateway is a requirements traceability solution that links your development and verification documents with formal requirements stored in documents and databases .
LANG_ENG The good news from the reports we have before us is that all eleven participating countries have inflation rates of less than 2% .
LANG_ENG The European Parliament &apos;s motto &apos; United in diversity &apos; is the principle that must guide all our work within and outside the European Union .
LANG_ENG They are opinion formers , they know their business , they are based on the ground .
LANG_ENG A medical examination established 34 injuries sustained from the thugs in police uniforms .
LANG_ENG The &quot; Intevation-Award for Free Software &quot; was given out the first time at the award ceremony held in the historical building of Osnabrück &apos;s university .
LANG_ENG Having a common tax base and a common method for calculating tax does not mean harmonising taxes .
LANG_ENG The Hanka Inn is conceived as a blend of the traditional regional cuisine and modern cooking recipes .
LANG_ENG . Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , modernday Russia inherited the historical legacy of the Soviet Union , and regards itself as the rightful heir to the latter .
LANG_ENG Finally , the way forward .
LANG_ENG Another larger area of outsourcing in biological area is bioinformatics and biotechnology .
LANG_ENG If desired , email can be encrypted with the Debian Security Contact key (key ID 0x68B64E0D).
LANG_ENG The PDF documents contains only the UniPlot manual and the UniScript manual .
LANG_ENG The European consumer organisation , which has asked us to support the common position on this point , is to my mind letting the consumer down .
LANG_ENG If you like basket ball games , in the Pavillion Martín Carpena plays Unicaja , one of the most importants teams of Spain and Europe .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I would like clarification on the deadline for tabling amendments to the recommendations we will be considering tomorrow concerning Parliament &apos;s vote on the appointment of the Executive Board , President and Vice-President of the European Central Bank .
LANG_ENG The Inner Himalaya region is temperate; wildlife includes bear , boar and sambar , and the area is rich in deciduous forests .
LANG_ENG At 70 days of age the offspring of mother DEM presented alterations in the relationship glucose / insulin .
LANG_ENG This magnificently full of flowers , charming village , also has a historical circuit .
LANG_ENG Our aim is to convey a realistic picture of our organisation .
LANG_ENG That is the choice we have to make .
LANG_ENG From 150 points to 600 , we can get iPods: the iPod shuttle (150 points), followed by iPod Nano (300 points) to the iPod touch (600 points).
LANG_ENG Even though what we have here is a minimum directive , many of us in the Socialist Group in the European Parliament are in favour of stringent rules governing all advertising in children &apos;s programmes and advertising aimed at children .
LANG_ENG This resolution incorporated some crypto-abortionist points and thus violates the principle of subsidiarity in this sphere .
LANG_ENG If the Cambodian people want these trials to proceed , and the political situation is sufficiently stable to permit them , then it is only natural that the international community , through the UN , should wish to support them in that aim .
LANG_ENG China must unconditionally observe the UN Treaty concerning civil and political rights which , after all , it signed itself .
LANG_ENG Farm Stay Upper Austria opens the doors to over 300 properties of character and quality in superb rural settings perfectly placed for country breaks , business trips or longer stays .
LANG_ENG What that means , in my view , is that the key to a successful EU communication policy lies in the Union &apos;s ability to be seen to be useful to the citizens of the Member States .
LANG_ENG However , a long transitional period has been provided for in Finland to protect women &apos;s previous rights .
LANG_ENG The aparthotel was re-opened after complete reconstruction in the summer of 1999 .
LANG_ENG The new government gives cause for serious doubt about its resolve to make any reliable attempts to improve the human rights situation in Europe .
LANG_ENG The hotel serves breakfast from 06: 00 until 09: 00 (weekdays) and from 07: 00 until 10: 30 (weekends).
LANG_ENG Significant influence in an entity is presumed to exist when EADS owns 20% to 50% of the entity " s voting rights .
LANG_ENG This latest version offers much better support for devices &quot; hot &quot; as graphics tablets , keyboards , etc .
LANG_ENG The Commissioner has heard my colleagues say that if the Council and Parliament approve this text , the ball is in its court .
LANG_ENG Our condemnation of the attacks is fair and necessary , but insufficient: the principle of reciprocity does not appear in this resolution .
LANG_ENG Other attractions within close vicinity include the historic city of Salzburg , the renowned porcelain manufactory in Gmunden and the numerous salt mines of the Salzkammergut .
LANG_ENG Witness the BSE and dioxin problem .
LANG_ENG It is the joint responsibility of the EU &apos;s institutions and Member States to change this situation .
LANG_ENG In the field of medicine and pharmacy , Muslim scholars left behind a wealth of knowledge in their works , which were used to advance modern day medicine .
LANG_ENG Popular for its great diversity , high quality , classic beauty and very interesting prices argue watches from Russia around quickly .
LANG_ENG HOW TO GET THERE: BY PUBLIC TRANSPORT OR BY BOAT , THERE IS A REGULAR CHEAP BOAT THAT LEAVES MONDAY TO SATURDAY AT 10: 00 AM BEHIND HOTEL SANTANA IN FLORES .
LANG_ENG This dossier goes far beyond social concerns and encompasses the Community " s priorities , and it is likely to become the Union " s dominant policy , ahead of the Common Agricultural Policy , in three areas , namely solidarity , effectiveness and justice .
LANG_ENG As for the European Union , what I said three weeks ago still stands . It demands an immediate halt to the violence and early negotiations to find a political settlement to the crisis .
LANG_ENG  (Parliament approved the Minutes) 
LANG_ENG Despite this , there are a few matters left to deal with , even though we have approved all the Erika Directives .
LANG_ENG At the Hotel Dory , mixed ability is catered for by the creation of four and sometimes five different cycling groups .
LANG_ENG A deliberate attempt to force the Constitution upon the peoples of Europe but without having the courage to call it that .
LANG_ENG The initial plan was to stay a couple of years and then move on .
LANG_ENG Next , by reinstating our direct aid to this government , because it is unrealistic to count on the Israelis to release the tax revenues that were collected by right and which remain confiscated and because the temporary mechanism has fizzled out .
LANG_ENG As I will explain tomorrow in more depth , we still have unresolved problems in relation to translations , and not all the questions put will be able to be translated into all the languages .
LANG_ENG I appreciate the service and I will recomend it to my collegues as a hotel very suitable for business trips , My experience was very fine .
LANG_ENG But I say yes in part to the " Age of Friedman " proposition , because only Friedman " s set of principles self-confidently proposed both to explain the world and to tell us how to change it .
LANG_ENG I have to say that in the light of the European Union &apos;s instruments and how much I have criticised other election observation missions that did not enjoy a successful outcome , the mission that I took part in was a real blessing .
LANG_ENG on behalf of the PSE Group . - (NL) Mr President , it is the simply appalling air quality in many European cities that means that cars must become much cleaner , and this can be done , for we do have the technology .
LANG_ENG Copyright 2004-2006 Green Land Tours and Travel .
LANG_ENG In the SOAP adapter , you can specify security settings to be used to sign / verify the SOAP body .
LANG_ENG As a master of the world famous Indian musician Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia , he is now both with bands and as a solo artist throughout the world .
LANG_ENG I can revoke my permission at any time .
LANG_ENG Please convey the best wishes of the House to Mrs Bjerregaard .
LANG_ENG The United Kingdom &apos;s accession , in Amsterdam , to the agreement on social policy , has strengthened this development .
LANG_ENG Room Service , Meeting / Banquet Facilities , Business Centre , Laundry , Dry Cleaning , Breakfast in the Room , Ironing Service , Currency Exchange , Souvenirs / Gift Shop , Bicycle Rental , Shoe Shine , Tour Desk , Fax / Photocopying , Ticket Service .
LANG_ENG I believe that , at this very moment , a meeting is taking place in Vienna , in which the Commission is participating , to define a proposal for a common curriculum for the training of border guards .
LANG_ENG The face comprises a 12-hour time display , a secondary minutes hand for the chronograph and a seconds indicator .
LANG_ENG  (RO) Echoing what has been said by my fellow Members who have spoken so far , we are facing a very tough situation because the 20 000 inhabitants of Hatcliffe Extension are threatened with eviction .
LANG_ENG provide the wire size from 0.5mm2 to 35mm2 .
LANG_ENG Those watching from the sidelines may say that I &apos;ve gone crazy .
LANG_ENG To begin , I would like to give you three items of information .
LANG_ENG The formats they work with include poetry-performance shows and performance lectures .
LANG_ENG Of all of the issues mentioned in the Lannoye report , Mr President , these are what I believe our priorities should be if we are to ensure that the concept of sustainable development makes a genuine contribution to poverty reduction in the world today .
LANG_ENG Georgia deserves to receive our support .
LANG_ENG As regards the Nassauer report , I only want to say that it seems to me to be an excellent report and I agree with its contents .
LANG_ENG This is proven because with every smile , numerous facial muscles become active causing them to become conditioned over time .
LANG_ENG There &apos;s a day for being and a day for remembering .
LANG_ENG I have already been in contact with the US Secretary of Agriculture this afternoon regarding the measures imposed by the United States .
LANG_ENG Let us not forget - indeed let us highlight - some of the positive aspects of this agreement , such as accessory fishing or increased financial compensation for developing the local fishing sector .
LANG_ENG Therefore , Cordoba may look back at 3,000 years of history .
LANG_ENG That is the truth of the matter .
LANG_ENG Line 3 describes how important it is that the user installs this package .
LANG_ENG The hotel offers a family management which is ideal for a totally relaxing holiday on the waterfront of the Adriatic coast of Veneto , very close to the splendid Venice .
LANG_ENG This is for the beginning of the year , which normally is a quiet time , ...
LANG_ENG It is good that the rapporteur has adopted a consumer-friendly position .
LANG_ENG In these areas , Europe is indeed the largest donor .
LANG_ENG The European Union is ASEAN &apos;s second largest trading partner .
LANG_ENG { B / R } , { T }: Add { B } { B } , { B } { R } , or { R } { R } to your mana pool .
LANG_ENG In May 1998 the Commission adopted a communication on accession strategy in the environmental field .
LANG_ENG We believe that the communication we are awaiting from the Commission will cover us at this point with a good proposal .
LANG_ENG The belief that they are - and the reporting that feeds it - is reinforcing widespread stigmatization of those with mental illness , increasing their suffering and preventing them from participating fully in society .
LANG_ENG The range included professional vacuum cleaners and cleaning machinery from Italy .
LANG_ENG Blair still does .
LANG_ENG The Site makes translation of the advertisements into other languages and it can distribute the given advertisements in the other mass media by different ways and means .
LANG_ENG However , some people still find that it beats having to deal with erratic gas price increases .
LANG_ENG When we mixed copper with HCL we saw no reaction at all .
LANG_ENG @ Mi , here I never really ring ... until married .
LANG_ENG 25 Now when Ammon had said these words , the king began to rejoice because of his life .
LANG_ENG The many emergencies that we have experienced and are still experiencing , however , raise the issue of coordinating resources for civil protection at European level .
LANG_ENG The Allianz Arena has already been though dramatic times .
LANG_ENG EDIT: To everyone who wants to know , I will change my name and my Gravatar from the next page .
LANG_ENG Therefore the time scale would reflect the difficult nature of such a decision and the need for widespread consultation with the bodies that I have indicated .
LANG_ENG specifies the default audio channel to use with dvds .
LANG_ENG I believe the EU has an important role to play in supporting a peaceful , stable and democratic future for the Sudanese people , whether in one country or two .
LANG_ENG We are supporters of this form of vetting of the Members of the Commission before they take office , but we do not think that people should only be eligible for a post in the Commission if they are current or former Members of the European Parliament .
LANG_ENG NEP Screenworks: Screenworks is the leading provider of large-scale LED screens and engineering support for major sports events , concerts , and other large , live-audience entertainment .
LANG_ENG Madam President , I should like to thank the rapporteur for insisting on having a debate on this issue because it is indeed a very important subject .
LANG_ENG I should like , however , to emphasise that the present directive does a great deal to improve the current system .
LANG_ENG High speed video is capable of capturing images at speeds up to 150,000 frames per second .
LANG_ENG This report , which hopefully will be adopted tomorrow with a large majority , indicates areas where improvements are still needed at European level , and it mentions very largely the same remedies as those proposed in the Commissioner &apos;s speech .
LANG_ENG Mr. Roman Troger of the Hotel Villa Monica is responsible for the texts , photos and other contents of this website .
LANG_ENG Beautiful turquoise waters and fine sandy stretches , set against a dramatic rocky terrain . This is a beautiful beach - and it has some amazing sunsets too .
LANG_ENG That is important and exceeds the results obtained last year .
LANG_ENG The Trio recorded a new Schubert CD (D 898 , D 929 , D 879 , D 28) for Harmonia Mundi .
LANG_ENG You can register , or pair , Bluetooth ® -compatible devices with your PSP ™ system .
LANG_ENG This crisis has hit one of our key industries very hard .
LANG_ENG The buffet breakfast is served from 05: 30 to 10: 00 on weekdays and until 10: 30 at weekends .
LANG_ENG The Bureau of International Recycling was founded in 1948 and is the only worldwide organized association of the recycling industry .
LANG_ENG Innovative procedures presuppose a dynamic social model which is receptive to change .
LANG_ENG The eldest compiler , that I know already existed then , and it had none of the limitations that he mentions .
LANG_ENG Position of regional representative discontinued . Announcement of a new leadership position to be known as an Area Authority .
LANG_ENG In the age of the Internet and satellites , no society can remain cut off and unaware of the need to respect the universal dignity of both men and women .
LANG_ENG The &quot; Donnerhof &quot; Hotel is in a central yet quiet location at 900m above sea level in the sunny heart of the Stubaital valley and makes an ideal walking and hiking base .
LANG_ENG Secondly , there are the social aspects , and these too have already been touched on .
LANG_ENG objective reasons justifying the renewal of such contracts and relationships;
LANG_ENG The hotel has a really modern touch about it: architecture , decorations , facilities .
LANG_ENG These blinds are still improved and they are protected by an applied patent . Our company is one of the few ones on the Czech market , delivering and mounting wooden roller shutters with an exclusive design , made from Norse pine-tree .
LANG_ENG Media pluralism concerns the broadcasting of information , television and the Internet as well as audiovisual creation .
LANG_ENG Our customers consistently rate this service an incredible average of 4.5 out of 5.0 on a five-point scale . While free to Support-Only Service members , the cost to nonmembers is $ 150 USD per support request .
LANG_ENG This House cannot extend this crisis into those coming weeks .
LANG_ENG However , it is possible that the ICAO &apos;s contributor states may adopt modifications of the technical directive conditions .
LANG_ENG Everyone knows how important intervention was both in the case of the tsunami and during hurricane Katrina .
LANG_ENG The house was used during the first decades to spend the summer holidays.Our country house is immersed in an olive grove that extends for about 40000 mq; it is surrounded by palms , cypress trees , pine trees , eucalyptus , acacias and fruit trees .
LANG_ENG Instructions are included in the tarball .
LANG_ENG As human affairs become increasingly complex and morally exigent , future generations will need both scientific and humanistic learning - and they will need them more than ever .
LANG_ENG It goes without saying that this report must not provide an opportunity for data abuse .
LANG_ENG At an emotional level , debating exchange rates means blaming foreigners for whatever goes wrong in the domestic economy .
LANG_ENG And yet , the opportunities to unwrap unexpected treasures , to learn something new and try something unknown are unlimited .
LANG_ENG Pullman provides a stress free environment where you can escape from the pressures of your business trip; personalised and round-the-clock services , innovative catering , relaxing areas ...
LANG_ENG In the oviduct s , the beating of cilia moves the ovum from the ovary to the uterus .
LANG_ENG With this portfolio , the electronics department features products which cover the full industrial applications spectrum for the transferring and conditioning of power , signals and data .
LANG_ENG How many Euro of profit makes that ? &quot; . With this question five pieces of information are hidden behind that .
LANG_ENG In the case of voluntary dissolving the federation or with omission of tax-privileged purposes their fortune falls to the Vereinigung der Verfolgten des Naziregimes - Bund der Antifaschistinnen und Antifaschisten (VVN-BdA), which has to use it directly and exclusively for tax-privileged purposes .
LANG_ENG Tusto celo is located northwest of the town of Pag , not far from the ferry port Zigljen .
LANG_ENG If you wish to access , correct or delete your personal data held by us , please contact Nespresso at the following addresses: click here .
LANG_ENG There must finally be an end to these brutal murder weapons , land mines , not just here in the European Union , but throughout the world .
LANG_ENG And Putin has already taken beauty tips from another leading West European Lothario , former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , with Putin " s 2010 facelift making his visage as smooth as that of the frequently Botoxed Berlusconi .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , last spring I had the honour of being appointed rapporteur of a Parliamentary report on a Green Paper dealing with the convergence of telecommunications , the media and information technology .
LANG_ENG Full of a great natural richness , the Canary Archipelago is one of the most exotic and pleasant tourist destinations in all Europe .
LANG_ENG I understand that already they have been told not to use the main lifts and should just be using the service lifts .
LANG_ENG Supply of spare parts and advice are part of LED &apos;s core service .
LANG_ENG It was designed and built from scratch in the years 2003 / 2004 .
LANG_ENG The funding for the development of Europe &apos;s transport system should take into account transport safety , as well as social , economic and territorial cohesion .
LANG_ENG Data Wizard for MySQL allows you to execute stated tasks in background mode .
LANG_ENG Zlatan Ibrahimovic produced a moment of magic to put Sweden on the path to a crucial Euro 2008 victory against holders Greece in Group D.
LANG_ENG How is the number of vacation days determined for employees ?
LANG_ENG The crisis has impeded the attainment of many fixed objectives .
LANG_ENG Unless all colleagues move together to do this , and all countries move together to do this , that discrimination is going to remain .
LANG_ENG This page was last modified 07: 10 , 24 .
LANG_ENG I should therefore like to state quite unequivocally that we need to call on the Member States again today to do more to translate the will to engage in reform into practice and to implement sustainable structural measures .
LANG_ENG This must continue .
LANG_ENG Hotels with access for the disabled , hotels for children , bed &amp; breakfast and hotels for young people are just some of the options for holidays in Italy which you will find in our portal .
LANG_ENG Three novelties and one special case: At the Musikmesse 2009 Reloop braced itself with surprising product innovations , an impressive booth and loads of first-class DJing against the general trend in the DJ equipment hall .
LANG_ENG But banking is also mystifying .
LANG_ENG Wi-fi connection in whole building without fees .
LANG_ENG Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , with market globalisation and the severe crisis now affecting Europe , including in the agricultural sector , one possible response on the part of the agricultural market is to place emphasis on product quality .
LANG_ENG The European Parliament has an essential role in explaining the importance of this project and mobilising the necessary public support .
LANG_ENG That is something we are really all agreed on .
LANG_ENG Detection technology made it clear that Iraq did not have nuclear weapons , as chief UN inspector Hans Blix pointed out .
LANG_ENG We will help and advice you immediately .
LANG_ENG Things aren " t running well ? Then send your team to the training camp or raise the players " bonuses for some extra motivation .
LANG_ENG They have no doubt of this plane " s importance to their future profitability .
LANG_ENG In fact 23% of the world population does support Islam and the Islamic faith can be found in more than 100 states .
LANG_ENG Its leader , Yukio Hatoyama , is an uncharismatic scion of yet another established dynasty - his grandfather , Hatoyama Ichiro , took over as prime minister in 1954 from Yoshida Shigeru , who was the grandfather of the last LDP Prime Minister Taro Aso .
LANG_ENG Painful deleveraging - less spending and more saving to reduce debt and leverage - remains ongoing in most advanced economies , which implies slow economic growth .
LANG_ENG More generally , the outcome of Hong Kong leaves us with everything still to play for , and nothing in the final text prevents us from continuing to seek the kind of ambition and balance that have been our watchwords throughout this negotiation .
LANG_ENG The export of MP3 files from Sequel is unfortunately not possible .
LANG_ENG In Europe today , the legal status of these services is much too fragile .
LANG_ENG You can choose from any number of business models to suit your needs .
LANG_ENG It has a modern university and one of the largest high-tech parks in Germany . Entertainment , sport and culture are very important factors in the city: the Ringhotel Drees and Hotel Consul are situated right in the middle of these facilities and is within easy walking distance .
LANG_ENG This is exactly what he said - my head is still sore from the memory - and he explained why .
LANG_ENG I voted for this resolution because it takes into account the positive changes in such an important neighbouring state of the EU , although there still remain many complications and tensions between various government institutions in this country .
LANG_ENG We need to seek out solutions to these problems .
LANG_ENG I have no doubt that we can agree on this , given the will and resolve that Parliament has shown in this matter .
LANG_ENG Aid should be allocated as a priority to those ACP countries that wish to maintain their banana sector because of the latter &apos;s impact on their country &apos;s sustainable development .
LANG_ENG Concept boxes made with the use of a proprietary technology of round-moulding cardboard edge .
LANG_ENG The 231 bedrooms and 30 apartments are spread over nine floors .
LANG_ENG The Mona Lisa as an art excerpt à la manière of a &quot; computer-picture &quot; .
LANG_ENG The consequences are imprinted on the bodies of people and on their descendants .
LANG_ENG We look forward to a long-term partnership with Ural Airlines , " said John Leahy , Airbus Chief Operating Officer , Customers .
LANG_ENG Live the Monaco F1 Grand Prix experience !
LANG_ENG Whether tramcar or bus , whether truck or high-speed train - there is no preferential treatment .
LANG_ENG Get notified when melrinklecksel adds new stuff .
LANG_ENG That gives ACP members an opportunity to see different aspects of different policies in Europe , for example the malaria vaccine research in Edinburgh .
LANG_ENG The preparatory activities generate costs , even before enlargement has actually taken place .
LANG_ENG PIDPLATES are manufactured using an injection moulding procedure: PIDPLATES are made from the same high-quality material as the brand designation of most car manufacturers .
LANG_ENG The sector affected , which is a large sector , has more questions than answers about its future .
LANG_ENG I have not heard anything from the Dutch Commissioner about what action he is taking against this policy , which his party helped to promote .
LANG_ENG Recover files that have been deleted or files that were lost on damaged media .
LANG_ENG Computers communicating over acoustic signals: sounds are being recorded (left) and replayed (right).
LANG_ENG This has been shown by various scientific studies , the main ones of which you will find in this document .
LANG_ENG Because , Mr President , we , as Europeans , are going on holiday and hunting the male lion , which contributes to the destruction of this species on a global scale .
LANG_ENG While StatPlus 2009 is a &quot; heavy-duty &quot; professional statistical analysis tool , the interface is so simple that even people who have no knowledge of statistics are capable of processing data , provided they know how to use PC and clear instructions are given .
LANG_ENG Our Companies Vision is to offer the highest standard of quality and innovating designs to meet the needs of our clients with new products , offering the best market price and fast service to our clients .
LANG_ENG This being the case , I should like you to raise this matter in connection with this question in particular and the need for the Commission to keep to the timetable for questions which we raise in general .
LANG_ENG This report , which deals with most aspects of the Union &apos;s regional policy , does not , in my opinion , give enough weight to the less developed regions .
LANG_ENG If we lived in a perfect world where the fuels available to us were unlimited and cheap and where there were no ever-increasing environmental problems , I would not have voted for this present legislation .
LANG_ENG Is the effectiveness of Community management compatible with working out and producing rules and documents preparing for legislation in the general or institutional framework ?
LANG_ENG The European Commission should support such requirements and technologies for reducing CO2 emissions .
LANG_ENG . (DA) I have voted for Amendment No 15 to paragraph 10 from Mr De Coene , despite the fact that I sit on the working group in Parliament whose task is to draft proposals on changes to the conditions under which Members work .
LANG_ENG And a woman crying and saw no tears . And bloomed a rose and you were such a hurry that you could not see it .
LANG_ENG These bans or restrictions may not , however , be applied either as a means of arbitrary discrimination or as a disguised means of restricting trade between the contracting parties .
LANG_ENG In the event j2 Global goes through a business transition , such as a merger , an acquisition or a sale of some or all of its assets , we will provide notice to users before their personal information is transferred or becomes subject to another privacy policy .
LANG_ENG Next to the hotel there is a spacious parking lot .
LANG_ENG I have no doubt that the Commissioner , who is with us this evening , will spearhead this .
LANG_ENG The operators and NICAM see the labelling system as an effective tool to alert the mobile phone user on the nature of the material before they see it .
LANG_ENG To the north of the winter point of the One line (Einser) we have a height of 1,412 m . It is called &quot; Heidegg &quot;; Innerebner assumes that this was an ancient cult and settlement point .
LANG_ENG Approval of the Minutes
LANG_ENG Nowhere is such an active maritime policy more necessary than in the Baltic .
LANG_ENG While the power turbine may be integral with the gas generator section , many turboprops today feature a Free Power Turbine , on a separate coaxial shaft . This enables the propeller to rotate freely , independent of compressor speed .
LANG_ENG There has gone out for us a very cinematographic number full of excellent photos and of beautiful sculptures .
LANG_ENG One is focused on his own judicial and economic interests (call this his &quot; personal reform &quot; program), much of which he has pursued and implemented ruthlessly .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG The ProSTEP iViP Association , in cooperation with the VDA (German Automotive Association), was significantly involved in this step .
LANG_ENG Combating domestic violence against women: EUR 2.968 million . Strengthening civil society in the pre-accession process: EUR 2.5 million .
LANG_ENG Originariamente numerata A17 (unitamente al tratto Canosa-Bari , ora A14), è stata rinumerata in A16 in seguito al completamento dell &apos;autostrada adriatica .
LANG_ENG In Turkey &apos;s case it is possible that this aid may have influenced its role as a strategic country in the Middle East .
LANG_ENG Our products HEBA ® THERM opti-TIME and the cleansing sets PUROCLEAN ® are extending our array of products furthermore .
LANG_ENG The &quot; PublicExpress &quot; bus connects Oldenburg with Groningen .
LANG_ENG Comfortable apartment in the front side of a very quiet old building with a lift in Berlin-Schöneberg .
LANG_ENG The reading room at the Zitenice branch of the State Regional Archives Litomerice wil be closed from March 5 , 2010 , until further notice .
LANG_ENG I think that he is negotiating from a particularly difficult position , because his mandate is known to the public beforehand and is the result of a public decision-making process in the Union .
LANG_ENG Adding even a small amount of wheat germ to your fruit cocktail will protect you from a deficiency of essential substances while being low in calories .
LANG_ENG " The new V-Ring is truly the Rolls-Royce of retainers � � .
LANG_ENG Walk one block south on Thurlow .
LANG_ENG The girls are shocked because Rose &apos;s recovery is getting worse again .
LANG_ENG As of this year , Sony-Ericsson no longer uses names like Cybershot or Walkman; instead more exotic names pop up , such as Satio . We have now come across the Sony Ericsson Kurara , which is supposedly a Symbian S60 5th generation OS Smartphone .
LANG_ENG Unfortunately , the Russian and EU approaches to improving the situation in Belarus differ .
LANG_ENG As Soong collected the embryos , Malik stole several containers of infectious diseases without Soong &apos;s knowledge .
LANG_ENG In this respect , we Europeans should take the opportunity afforded in this area , in which we have a unique status worldwide - to continue appropriate research . We should not cut the budget but leave it , at least , at the level originally proposed .
LANG_ENG My SuiteVillage - Rousset offers you 140 villas , all fully-equipped , furnished and air conditioned , situated just 15 minutes from the centre of Aix en Provence and its facilities and just 40 minutes from the city of Marseille .
LANG_ENG However , the citizens of Austria have become very concerned following a series of different reports in the media and , therefore , we need definitive information about these new military components of the EU .
LANG_ENG Indeed , no further genes have been found whose mutations are associated with high lifetime risks of developing breast cancer .
LANG_ENG Its maximum altitude is 607 metres (Peñas del Chache).
LANG_ENG Please believe me when I say that there are only two options; either these checks continue , which will mean that we can feel safer , or we dispense with them , in which case there can be no question of safety .
LANG_ENG Both to suppliers / customers from whom we purchase the by-products , residual and waste products , and to customers who buy our finished products .
LANG_ENG It was adopted in 1997 and was due for transposition in the Member States by the end of 1998 , although quite a number of countries have yet to take the necessary steps .
LANG_ENG Upload this file in your webinterface (&quot; Update &quot; - &quot; Upload CF-image &quot;).
LANG_ENG But it did the same for Andrei Sakharov and Vaclav Havel , who defended their supreme values with reference to , and in the language of , lay humanism .
LANG_ENG Breakfast was rather poor for a three stars hotel .
LANG_ENG Now that you have seen the similarity between regions and ground overlays , you can learn how to use one to create the other .
LANG_ENG With over 15 destinations across Germany , choose from a wide spectrum of spa and wellness treatments .
LANG_ENG And this although mobile operators will be missing out on a huge opportunity , or perhaps even the business model that will dominate the future .
LANG_ENG We need to make the programmes less bureaucratic .
LANG_ENG But misery comes upon us when we think about what humanity is doing with this place .
LANG_ENG Is there somewthing more beautiful than pure relax after a fastidious mountain tour ?
LANG_ENG However , the advantages are obvious .
LANG_ENG The aim is clearly to weaken Russia &apos;s military force and to gradually dismember this vast territory .
LANG_ENG The faster we correct these problems , the better condition and preservation of your own teeth .
LANG_ENG The Commission proposal for a directive would introduce a ban on the use of certain azocolourants in textile and leather articles that come into close contact with the skin .
LANG_ENG This programme promotes the involvement of civil society , and its legal basis , inter alia , is Article 151 of the EC Treaty , promoting citizenship defined in cultural terms or with a cultural dimension .
LANG_ENG We set reasonable table limits on all our games to minimize the adverse financial effects of compulsive gambling .
LANG_ENG We develop and produce application-specific sealing systems for steering technology .
LANG_ENG allows closing the AKVIS Chameleon window and saving the collage into your photo editor .
LANG_ENG Yet it still needs to acquire effective tools and the necessary political will to ensure respect for the Association Agreement provisions on human rights , so that it can exert pressure that goes beyond mere words .
LANG_ENG HR4YOU provides you with both standard and individuality .
LANG_ENG Best Western Premier Hotel Weißes Kreuz offers a rich and varied breakfast buffet and a relaxing sauna .
LANG_ENG Perfect flight conditions but no changes in the ranking on the second leg of the vintage airplanes .
LANG_ENG Most of them are old , some of them are unwell .
LANG_ENG We &apos;ll continue to produce fun and exciting content as quickly as possible .
LANG_ENG His theoretical knowledge is combined with the practical experience obtained in audits of more than 100 facilities in France , The Netherlands , Belgium , Sweden , and Germany .
LANG_ENG I would therefore recommend , also on behalf of the delegation , that this proposal be adopted .
LANG_ENG This is the background to the guidelines the Federal Foreign Office has formulated for an Africa policy that is predictable both at the bilateral level and at the level of the European Union and the United Nations .
LANG_ENG I thank the Commissioner in advance for taking on board these amendments - as he has just announced his intention to do .
LANG_ENG This is the first item of voting time , which starts straight away .
LANG_ENG We need to develop cost-effective , high-performance batteries .
LANG_ENG On the other hand , manual dampers need many more hours of adjustment , and means of flow measurement .
LANG_ENG So , the rules are clear .
LANG_ENG Mr Karas sought an " open and public debate " .
LANG_ENG We wish to voice our complete solidarity with the Palestinian people here , and stand up for their right to build a free , independent and sovereign state .
LANG_ENG I wonder why those who raised the subject were unable to raise it in 2002 when they signed off everything to do with the CAP and the agricultural budget up to 2013 .
LANG_ENG Yet pursuing war where diplomatic means - weapons inspections , threats of retaliation in the face of Iraqi aggression , readiness of the UN to act if dangers from Iraq become imminent - might suffice could result in huge and avoidable economic (as well as other) costs .
LANG_ENG If you &apos;re ready for a physical challenge , the park has three caves accessible to visitors .
LANG_ENG Booking.com: Novotel Paris Tour Eiffel , Paris , France - 936 Guest reviews .
LANG_ENG Musical Education: A recreational space to create music , learn songs and play various instruments .
LANG_ENG You can order Articulate Products using the online-order-form below or you can contact one of our resellers , which can offer you further services .
LANG_ENG We develop custom-made software solutions to digitally speed up your business processes .
LANG_ENG I certainly am .
LANG_ENG That would result in a significant amount of pressure on national governments .
LANG_ENG Perhaps Mr Cappato could be informed and then make direct contact with the colleagues who will represent us .
LANG_ENG The viewfinder offers a clear view and renders the necessary information as far as status of the camera parts and settings are concerned .
LANG_ENG Any investment possibilities discussed in this publication may not be suitable for certain investors depending on their specific investment target or time horizon or in the context of their overall financial situation .
LANG_ENG And from different PCs around the office ?
LANG_ENG The Dalai Lama sent congratulatory gifts and a rumor spread that he had recognized Alexis , the Heir Apparent , as a bodhisattva who would enlighten the non-Buddhists of the North .
LANG_ENG It effectively neutralizes the formation of stretch marks . Skin regains elasticity and plumpness .
LANG_ENG Anything short of these radical and coordinated actions may lead to a market crash , a global financial meltdown , and worldwide depression .
LANG_ENG In such cases the responsibilities of ECO APARTMENTS - Milchevi would restrict to the maximum which is permitted by the laws .
LANG_ENG Therefore , we have the right to ask a few questions .
LANG_ENG As the European Parliament , we should pay closer attention to the efficiency of policies , political issues and implementation , in particular , with regard to the 2020 agenda .
LANG_ENG So there is no policy framework within which to situate stem cell research or reproductive or therapeutic cloning .
LANG_ENG I &apos;ve got a ton of albums , can I sort through my photos by album ?
LANG_ENG Member of the Commission . - Mr President , two questions were raised , not particularly related to this issue , but I would like to take the opportunity to briefly touch upon them anyway .
LANG_ENG Caution when working on 230V AC power , it is extremely dangerous !
LANG_ENG Your personal data privacy is important to us .
LANG_ENG Dellapackardbell is my last name in code .
LANG_ENG At the present time the social partners are dealing with 23 training regulation elaboration and co-ordination procedures .
LANG_ENG Most of the applications that are shipped with Debian have this support built in (Debian did not have PAM support before 2.2).
LANG_ENG This is reflected in the decrease of individual initiative in the field of cultural integration .
LANG_ENG April 23 - The Pennine Way officially opened .
LANG_ENG They are destroying homes and infrastructure .
LANG_ENG Over the last 10,000 years , the Rhine has cut its path though the rocks between Illanz and Reichenau .
LANG_ENG Catering: Breakfasts , Good range well presented , let down by inefficient delivery of hot foods by lack of committment from staff . Location: OK for buses and metro .
LANG_ENG Poorly planned introduction of European monetary union would result in the dollar extending its present dominant position still further .
LANG_ENG To see how they do the Vultures at the time of launching their singles .
LANG_ENG During winter an in periods with lower solar irradiations often only 400W / m2 are available .
LANG_ENG What we are actually doing here is picking losers .
LANG_ENG In addition - and because I dealt with this a lot during the last month - they will cover adnetworks . Later on I will add a new category to bretteleben.de with more detailed articles about some of these networks .
LANG_ENG The telescope revolutionized astronomy by allowing astronomers to see stars that no one had ever seen before .
LANG_ENG The financial commitments entered into must be respected , and the facilities must be granted to ensure that this aid is not wasted because of the sluggish administrative procedures that we know too well !
LANG_ENG Watching on in the Aprilia team ' s garage was another German with a World Championship pedigree .
LANG_ENG The Hotel Silencium is an ideal place to start: only 10 min .
LANG_ENG Commissioner Barrot should be involved in the work too , and Parliament &apos;s demands should not be left out either !
LANG_ENG Event Table Edit is an OpenSource project that is completely done by volunteers .
LANG_ENG If this line were to be taken across the board , and if Parliament were to say &quot; no &quot; , then we would not have a solution in nine years , or ninety years .
LANG_ENG After all , the right to petition is a reassuring guarantee for citizens , almost a form of insurance against the abuses that can undermine democracy .
LANG_ENG A former textile warehouse in Central Madrid &apos;s famous Habsburg district , converted into a stylish hotel true to a distinctive and delightful formula .
LANG_ENG Mr President , the European Union , which advocates and practises a set of values which we are proud to say is at the forefront of the international community , has been emphasising the vital importance of observing the Geneva Conventions .
LANG_ENG -Al deposito de las cuentas del empresario , lo que se recoge en el libro de depósitos de cuenta .
LANG_ENG While Benjamin seems to hope for this kind of event , he also foresees a darker possibility of its realisation , which he calls conjuration .
LANG_ENG If that is the case , if people are locked up , or transported illegally , on European soil without any judicial trial , then the EU " s very core values are at stake and the question arises of what we intend to do about it .
LANG_ENG We support you with leasing / financing our milling systems .
LANG_ENG Plant Production Limited (PPL) is formed as a fifty-fifty joint company between ICI and Cooper McDougall &amp; Robertson Ltd .
LANG_ENG We will also need to be able to gain control of our sources of finance and investment .
LANG_ENG Until the mid- 19th century , it was predominantly an agricultural community - its name , as well as that of the Matterhorn itself , derives from the alpine meadows or matten in the valley .
LANG_ENG A bug has been fixed about on the isolated SWITCH , CROSS and BRIDGE rail management .
LANG_ENG One of the biggest SPA &amp; Wellness Centers at the Polish seaside .
LANG_ENG Facades glazing allows to realise the most courageous design ideas .
LANG_ENG The Group is committed to its long-term strategic partnerships in China in order to sustain its leadership in the commercial aircraft market .
LANG_ENG Cf . Paolo Virno , &quot; Multitudes et principe d &apos;individuation , &quot; in Multitudes # 7 .
LANG_ENG They can be found by doing a search by zone , availability dates or the level of standing . Each lodging for holidays in Israel is destined for vacation rentals and has been rigorously selected for our tourist clientele .
LANG_ENG The companies we recommend are exempt from any kind of taxation , are empowered to conduct all types of business and may have clients , contractors , suppliers and employees from any country world wide .
LANG_ENG In this regard company ENCE GmbH has a number of exclusive agreements on various equipment deliveries with world manufacturers from Japan , the USA and Europe , which gives the benefits of buying this equipment at minimal prices to the Customers .
LANG_ENG But we must do more , especially as 2007 is the European Year of Equal Opportunities .
LANG_ENG After an appearance at the Calgary Winter Olympics We Reinvent the Circus goes to San Francisco , New York , Washington , and Toronto .
LANG_ENG In the Control Panel window find the Hardware and Sound section .
LANG_ENG Mr Belder calls for a consistent and coherent policy towards China .
LANG_ENG And together with your experience we can do much more .
LANG_ENG • for the biteplate of the face bow registration system (compare METAL-BITE ® acc. to Univ .
LANG_ENG The media programmes were previously administered by the Commission in cooperation with the Media Committee as the advisory committee .
LANG_ENG Great efforts are being made by all the companies involved .
LANG_ENG Between the extremes are two other types of policies that create spillovers , but that need to be treated differently .
LANG_ENG alsaconf will then terminate , however you will need to run it multiple times if you have multiple sound devices installed in your system .
LANG_ENG It " s a small city but has all the conveniences of modern city; shops , hotels , bars , restaurants , nightclubs and a wide variety of accommodation .
LANG_ENG Packaging materials shall only entitle either party to a refund of the calculated value if they are returned in mint condition within six months after the invoice date , free warehouse , and only if they had originally been charged .
LANG_ENG In the morning you will be served a rich and tasty breakfast , just to start your journey in this beautiful city .
LANG_ENG These changes have since been overshadowed by others .
LANG_ENG Maintaining the Constitution , however , will not be possible without French and Dutch support with , if necessary , additional clarifications and measures .
LANG_ENG Requirements engineering as first step in system development has significant impact on the project &apos;s success .
LANG_ENG When President Jacques Chirac " s first government attempted such a reform in 1995 , railroad workers , who can retire at age 50 or 55 , spearheaded the resistance .
LANG_ENG It is also possible to record human voice should there be a telephone connected.If you have the ...
LANG_ENG In terms of soft power , despite the attractiveness of traditional Russian culture , Russia has little global presence .
LANG_ENG This view shows that you have 25.2 FTE working on ER (Column: " My FTE ").
LANG_ENG That is why , in my opinion , it is somewhat inconsistent to launch such a project , to great media hullabaloo .
LANG_ENG I liked staying at such a beautiful and old location . The lobby is also quite nice .
LANG_ENG It addresses the four fundamental freedoms laid down in the Treaty of Rome , and equal opportunities .
LANG_ENG Raasay is home to the Raasay vole (Clethrionomys glareolus erica), a subspecies of Bank Vole , which is darker and heavier than the mainland variety and found nowhere else in the world .
LANG_ENG Communism &apos;s collapse undermined the credibility of traditional left-wing ideologies , and the policy problems of national political parties have been made more difficult by the tidal wave of globalization .
LANG_ENG Or is the competitiveness of European companies , precisely because of this policy , to be an internal European matter , in other words the competitiveness of the very large multinational companies will be increased within Europe itself to the disadvantage of SMEs ?
LANG_ENG 3 dormitroios con 2 Bathrooms , piscina primera fila de playa vista al mar .
LANG_ENG This is something new in the history of migration: instead of realising their parents &apos; dream of social advancement and respect , the second and third generations are turning away from the majority in moral indignation and cultivating feelings of superiority .
LANG_ENG However , in line with our traditional approach , we will continue to vote against granting discharge until we see real progress towards the achievement of an unqualified statement of assurance from the European Court of Auditors .
LANG_ENG The Commission is recommending the adoption of many documents relating to migration in May and June .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I am in broad sympathy both with most of the main themes of your address and with the approach that underpins them , and , on behalf of my group , I thank you for what you have said .
LANG_ENG The Fund " s shareholders would have to agree to incur those costs .
LANG_ENG In addition a registered member when placing your ad has the ability and added 6 images . The size of individual images is not allowed to exceed 100 kbs .
LANG_ENG Children must be able to participate in this process as equal partners .
LANG_ENG This powerful tool will allow you to make your mix in the best way; you can also have the advantage of being able to play two tracks totally different from different locations . How can you do this ?
LANG_ENG It consists of a main stage with two boosters and an upper stage with integrated payload .
LANG_ENG I am however keen to stress that the absence of a binding dispute settlement mechanism is certainly not to our advantage .
LANG_ENG When he resumed serious training , he was leaner and more muscular .
LANG_ENG Failing that , it is time for economists to stop pretending that we have all the answers .
LANG_ENG Boat trip to Lim Fjord and Rovinj .
LANG_ENG As I said before , the global economy is still extremely dynamic , and thanks to this there is still a trade surplus in the external sector of our economy , as demonstrated by the latest statistics published by Eurostat .
LANG_ENG The hotel manager , Armando , is also a qualified sommelier .
LANG_ENG This , in my opinion , is the price of Community solidarity .
LANG_ENG Enjoying a privileged location amongst the Andorran Pyrenees , this complex will allow you to relax , explore the local area , and take part in activities within the valley .
LANG_ENG Not all the arguments come to light before the sittings of the political groups , and when there is a large number of amendments it is worth considering moving the vote to the next day .
LANG_ENG In light of this , we must commit ourselves fully to European construction , which means the free integration of markets , acknowledging that there are asymmetries in those markets .
LANG_ENG The fact is that a number of the amendments proposed by Parliament - which we have voted against , but which are still on the table - entail an increase in the budget rather than a reduction , which is what the Commission &apos;s proposal is about .
LANG_ENG NEW: Cherry Vision DVDs starting at Euro 19.90 !
LANG_ENG Our demands to this effect met with incomprehension on the part of the rapporteur , the coordinator and a number of other Members , and I have to say that I am somewhat disappointed at the outcome of our endeavours .
LANG_ENG Visit Art Natura: in Málaga , you can visit one of the world ' s largest Museums of gemstones .
LANG_ENG I do not expect the Chairman of the PPE Group , or the Chairman of the S &amp; D Group - who was shaking his head as I spoke - to understand the critical importance of this , but I believe that very soon they will have to .
LANG_ENG Krkonose Mts . Mountains of Enjoyment Here you will find: Hiking trails Accommodation If you have any guestions about hiking trails or need help planning your holiday , please , contact us: e-mail: info @ ergis.cz Tel .
LANG_ENG  (Parliament agreed to urgent procedure) 
LANG_ENG That would help to ensure that three decades of legal reform is more bone and sinew than running water .
LANG_ENG I can tell you that , at the meetings in New York , we talked in depth with our Russian friends and examined from all angles and in all ways the issue of the countries bordering upon Russia and the enlarged Europe .
LANG_ENG You may load and install the software onto another partition of the hard disk (e.g. &quot; D: \ &quot; instead of &quot; C: \ &quot;).
LANG_ENG Our multi-tasking PCs are the legacy of the Pilot ACE (Automatic Computing Engine).
LANG_ENG Global agreement would be the best way to introduce such a tax , but the UK &apos;s stamp duty on shares demonstrates it is possible to introduce a successful , well-designed financial transaction tax (FTT) without undermining competitiveness .
LANG_ENG Full range of travel services conforming to the needs of runners , for runners and their companions only .
LANG_ENG These forms are available from participating carriers and at land-border ports of entry .
LANG_ENG I prefer Flex ... Perhaps it is the feeling of &quot; this is for developers , flash designer , &quot; I do not know .
LANG_ENG A new era of European leadership in relation to the major issues of the contemporary world and of appropriate responses to the challenges of the future .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I would like to return to what my colleague , Mr Sturdy , was talking about here .
LANG_ENG I note , for example , in my country , Flanders , that all the political parties in the Flemish parliament are opposed to introducing the right of vote to all Europeans .
LANG_ENG To introduce stamps in &apos; Euro &apos; denominations and to proclaim membership of the EU by encircling the symbol with the twelve stars I think is a bad idea , since the postal services are operated on a Member State basis .
LANG_ENG Mr President , first of all I want to say to the previous speaker , Mr Fatuzzo , that I am sorry that we in the Group of the Party of European Socialists are unable to support his amendments , for they simply do not fit into this context .
LANG_ENG We have to go on working patiently for the long-term future .
LANG_ENG Above all it is necessary to optimize existing local facilities , which would lead to a greater improvement in regions suffering from water shortages .
LANG_ENG If you would like to know more about these events please visit the " Contacts " page for information about how to join our PF Austria mailing list .
LANG_ENG &quot; Human body is a reader for me and every point of it reveals what happened to it .
LANG_ENG In Greece with its proliferation of island communities within the Greek Archipelago and given also the mountainous nature of much of the country , there is a geographical disadvantage that can be overcome and assisted by the Community support framework .
LANG_ENG We are not going to shout &apos; Peace ! &apos; and then murder it as we did 70 years ago .
LANG_ENG We need to propose emergency measures to bring an end to the famine that is at this very moment afflicting the most vulnerable people in the developing countries .
LANG_ENG This feature is used when automatically changing wheels as ANCA has proven that matching the wheel arbor and spindle orientation positions precisely every time the wheel is changed results in accurate and repeatable wheel runout .
LANG_ENG The method of the radio demo - and the development and testing of further alternative forms of resistance - is equally open to other producers and recipients .
LANG_ENG It is often the case that seeing is believing .
LANG_ENG And cheating did indeed upset the broader superpower relationship .
LANG_ENG In their work to reach the highest quality they are supported by a young and dynamic team and , since 1992 , by the outstanding winemaker Dr. Carlo Ferrini as an external advisor .
LANG_ENG Generally speaking , based on evaluations of known inspections , with rare exceptions , we can state that the institutions in question are using available funding correctly and are complying with their set goals .
LANG_ENG Be captivated by the expanse of swimming pools .
LANG_ENG I also think it would be useful to tighten compliance with competition regulations and ensure that they are subject to a standard interpretation in all Member States .
LANG_ENG I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned .
LANG_ENG Mr President , in a Parliament of the past you would certainly not have been able to give that speech .
LANG_ENG With accessories from clock or desk utensils to pictures on the walls , our interior designers are putting the finishing touches to their design . They add the character which makes an office become a personal living space .
LANG_ENG The same applies to advertising bans .
LANG_ENG The agreement reached by the largest political groups in the European Parliament on a joint and , indeed , very good motion for a resolution is a step which I value highly .
LANG_ENG The data won &apos;t be given to a third party .
LANG_ENG Before we got started playing with The Sims 3 World Adventures we got a wonderful tour through the building EA Games , meeting several people who work for EA Games .
LANG_ENG Therefore , the Committee on Development has taken the initiative to analyse the lessons learnt with the DCI and to define our expectations for the future instrument .
LANG_ENG Situated directly by the Tornio river and just a stone &apos;s throw away from the Swedish border , the Tornio City Hotel has an international flair that is exceptional for Lapland , with visitors not only from the Scandinavian countries , but from all over Europe .
LANG_ENG In a saucepan pour the milk , cream , sugar , vanilla bean seeds and chopped chocolate .
LANG_ENG The Web service company AOL Germany released very interesting findings in their current study " MobileAds " about the use and effects of mobile advertising .
LANG_ENG All underwater photos which are published on this website were taken by myself during a five year lasting underwater photo journey in Indonesia and Thailand .
LANG_ENG In the next 12 years 20 - 45 million animals will poison for REACH .
LANG_ENG Finally , I want to emphasise how important it is for all the policy areas to promote regional development .
LANG_ENG I stayed my usual night and then took the night bus up to Chiang Mai .
LANG_ENG After the BSE crisis , the Scientific Committees were reformed at our request and , as we have said before , they have been reformed to our satisfaction .
LANG_ENG It will not , however , be possible to conclude these negotiations successfully without making progress on access to the markets for industrial products and the trade in services .
LANG_ENG The meeting must have been very special because , after a conversation that continued long into the night , the Sultan let Saint Francis return the next morning , safe and sound , to the crusaders &apos; camp .
LANG_ENG The next item is the vote .
LANG_ENG Duana was an Aldean in the 24th century , a member of Radue &apos; s First Unit and part of the leadership of Aldea .
LANG_ENG We need to know what has happened and what is happening now in order for adequate measures to be taken .
LANG_ENG What if multimedia &apos;s best ally was paper ?
LANG_ENG I say this because , in the debate , we sometimes talk as if it was a matter of formulating the best solution here in Europe or in a particular country .
LANG_ENG There are thousands of old steel bridges which need repair .
LANG_ENG The principle even of our trades it is ... the agility !
LANG_ENG The Wider Europe Initiative is meant to help develop those attributes .
LANG_ENG We all know how difficult it is going to be to win approval for this in those nations that are holding referendums .
LANG_ENG Containers are designed for atom power plants , public agencies which deal with decommissioning of power stations , for transport companies , companies which deal with manufacturing of equipment used in atom power stations .
LANG_ENG This is targeted among others by the constitution , commence and maintaining of our QUALITY CONTROL SYSTEM according to the standard &quot; MSZ EN ISO 9001: 2001 &quot; .
LANG_ENG Saddam Hussein is dead , but not all Iraqis are celebrating .
LANG_ENG I would like to congratulate Mr Muscat and all those who took part in the preparation of the report , which required a considerable amount of thorough work , and produced a balanced document .
LANG_ENG We are currently moving to a new server and we will give you more infos , as soon as we have done all things about that .
LANG_ENG Argentina has become a country without direction .
LANG_ENG Production of filtering and air purification systems &#124; Altair s.r.l.
LANG_ENG While continuing to harvest print upsell opportunities MNA have established an online sales team to win some of the 80% + of job advertising that they do not currently " touch " .
LANG_ENG The Special Representative for the Southern Caucasus , Mr Talvitie , also assists Georgia in carrying through its political and economic reforms , particularly as regards the rule of law , democratisation , human rights , good governance , development and poverty reduction .
LANG_ENG These bananas have a monopoly of the United States market and are also conquering the world market .
LANG_ENG Therefore I call on my colleagues to support the excellent Santini report and the amendments by the Committee on Agriculture .
LANG_ENG This is also of concern when it comes to assessing compliance with the democratic clauses in certain association agreements .
LANG_ENG The Bannockburn Heritage Centre gives you detailed information about the battle on well designed displays .
LANG_ENG European farmers are , in truth , caught in a stranglehold that both hems them in and that hastens their extinction .
LANG_ENG in writing . - (IT) Improving democratic control over the funds intended for supporting human rights is a concrete objective that we have to achieve .
LANG_ENG With regard to the freedom of movement as well as the internal market , you also mentioned that it is essential not only for people to be able to move from A to B , but for goods to be able to do so too .
LANG_ENG In total in vicinities of Old Crimea there were 4 Armenian monasteries .
LANG_ENG In the real world , drugs have always been a fact of life . &apos; and that is the way things are .
LANG_ENG When the transporter was in its infancy there was much controversy surrounding its safety and reliability within United Earth .
LANG_ENG Rooms for smokers , non-smokers , those with pets and those in wheelchairs are also available on request .
LANG_ENG Those Member States that did not ratify Protocol 13 to the European Convention on Human Rights should do this as well .
LANG_ENG Then Aristotle stopped and pronounced a sentence that has been repeated numerous times on the European stage from the fourth century BC to the present day .
LANG_ENG Secondly , President of the Commission , we are of course interested in the election of the new President of the Commission .
LANG_ENG  (IT) Madam President , I am speaking in order to explain why I voted against the report today .
LANG_ENG Tired muscles , aches and pains can be soothed away in the spa centre in the whirlpool , in the various saunas or with a massage .
LANG_ENG The Nikon D200 is a true shining star , a camera of which we are guaranteed to hear more in the near future .
LANG_ENG If that is what they want , that is what they should get , but I do believe that it should be a serious directive rather than one that allows for more exceptions than anything else .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I should like to suggest to the plenary an oral amendment , at the request of a number of Members from several groups .
LANG_ENG 50 Blessed is that a servant whom his lord , when he cometh , shall find so doing; and verily I say unto you , he shall make him ruler over all his goods .
LANG_ENG In the conclusions of the Convention , fisheries policy has been downgraded to being a mere accessory of the common agricultural policy , instead of being openly acknowledged as having a distinct and separate existence .
LANG_ENG The result was the Treaty of Maastricht , which gave us codecision .
LANG_ENG The biggest thing that we can recognize in our doings is the analogy of the divine creation process .
LANG_ENG President Habibie confirmed the following dates: there will be elections on 7 June 1999 and the new members of parliament will be sworn in on 29 August 1999 .
LANG_ENG Intentionally playing slowly should be avoided in the interest of the game .
LANG_ENG I refused to vote for the joint resolution by the European Parliament on the situation in the Gaza Strip because , although it has positive points , it does not roundly condemn the military over-reaction leading to humanitarian disaster .
LANG_ENG With Star Alliance you can choose from 9 superb regional fares .
LANG_ENG This has now been done and was the result of the good cooperation between all the institutions - the Commission , the Council and first and foremost , the European Parliament .
LANG_ENG More than 50% of those suppliers listed here offer profitable price advantages as well as interesting additional benefits - just mention the code &quot; tagungsplaner.de &quot; when you place your booking .
LANG_ENG Pulse is the newest party venue in Kuala Lumpur .
LANG_ENG We do not wish to fall into this trap .
LANG_ENG The chairman of the security and defence sub-committee has produced a report on military policy in the EU .
LANG_ENG As a representative of Małopolska , the third largest region in Poland in terms of student numbers , I would also like to draw attention to the particular significance of diploma recognition for young people .
LANG_ENG Let us pamper you and care for you . Enjoy cozy togetherness and a memorable arrangement accompanied by roses , roses , roses ... !
LANG_ENG Human rights and basic democratic freedoms must form the basis of this new agreement .
LANG_ENG We in this House have , over recent years , done a great deal to support Ukraine , and even before the great changes between 1989 and 1991 there were elements in Western Europe who cooperated with it .
LANG_ENG We are not the ones who have to decide on 24 April .
LANG_ENG Breach of these Conditions may result in suspension or termination of your account and / or access to PSN .
LANG_ENG I think that the current shortcomings are well known .
LANG_ENG The Service-Hotline for Your product can be found on the product &apos;s page under Support as well as on the package .
LANG_ENG The EU &apos;s environmental and social standards can only be upheld , however , if there is actual membership .
LANG_ENG Euston , Kings Cross and St Pancras railway stations are also a short walk away .
LANG_ENG There is no in-depth understanding of the true problems inherent in carrying forward the proposals for the future .
LANG_ENG Therefore , we try to use the original data as much as possible and " only " change the graphics .
LANG_ENG I am not alone in asking myself these questions .
LANG_ENG The sun drenched region in the south of Salzburg offers perfect conditions with its diverse scenery .
LANG_ENG You can even set up a Debian GNU / Linux box as a bridge firewall , i.e. a filtering firewall completely transparent to the network that lacks an IP address and thus cannot be attacked directly .
LANG_ENG We would be pleased , if you are booking our hotel during your visit in Wattens .
LANG_ENG Indeed , I am delighted to hear that he sees Europol &apos;s role as being central to the development of the fight against organised crime on a pan-European level .
LANG_ENG Our solutions for professional SEO company profits to local or national , can bring you the visibility you need .
LANG_ENG Friendly atmosphere and individual attention to our guests are obvious .
LANG_ENG There is no deposit required for individual , private lessons .
LANG_ENG In addition , you talked about illegal immigration , but , before we talk about illegal immigration , we need to discuss the need to organise legal immigration .
LANG_ENG In this small video you can observe some of the ...
LANG_ENG Positive: Views from the room , room cleanliness , friendly staff .
LANG_ENG Essentially , this policy is about using scant economic resources to attain certain objectives .
LANG_ENG Our team is happy to reserve your beach lounge and take care about your lunch reservation .
LANG_ENG The Vender casa a los Franceses Web site is a member of the The Cube Realty network and enables you to place your real estate ad in 6 languages .
LANG_ENG Might they perhaps turn out to be the governments of those states that are constantly cutting Union budget expenditure , and that believe it is possible to create more Europe for less money ?
LANG_ENG Very progressive and inspiring ideas have been explored , and these encourage the Commission to continue its efforts towards this objective .
LANG_ENG 2003: His second single VeroFalso was released; it took just three weeks for it to reach the top five in the Music Control charts . In October of the same year his third single Lei è was released .
LANG_ENG Ysera fell into an eternal trance , bound to the waking Dream of Creation .
LANG_ENG did you allow everybody the time for this activity ?
LANG_ENG This is not about judging a judgment , far from it .
LANG_ENG General tours or tours on special topics , restaurants and entertainment - I will be happy to offer advice and let you share my experience .
LANG_ENG If we simply import raw materials from these developing countries , rather than allowing them the add-on value of producing their finished articles in their own country , we deny them the very poverty-eradication that we have set as our top principle in helping developing nations .
LANG_ENG What proposal are we now submitting to you too ?
LANG_ENG  (The President cut off the speaker) 
LANG_ENG Prices for accommodation are given in EURO and apply for one night for the whole apartment including all persons .
LANG_ENG in writing . - (PL) The so-called services revolution that has been under way since the middle of the 20th century has led to services becoming the most important sector of the economy for most countries .
LANG_ENG As for his question , the European Union attaches a great deal of importance to the ratification of the Statute of the International Criminal Court .
LANG_ENG The fact that trade shows are boosting the hotel business in major German cities is no surprise .
LANG_ENG After the end of the vesting period , the options can be exercised in 14-day exercise windows until the end of each quarter in each case .
LANG_ENG I asked the ushers to remove them; they said that they were authorized .
LANG_ENG " At the time we started , the German Traffic Regulation wasn " t familiar with environmental loading zones .
LANG_ENG The Commission intends to continue to take only such cooperative measures in Tibet as will directly benefit the Tibetan population .
LANG_ENG Moving on to the various proposals within the work programme , I welcome the initiatives now being taken on a communication on children " s rights .
LANG_ENG We have ideas on the competitive strength of our technology policy , but we have never developed really good plans on the role of major cities while some 80% of the population in the Union lives in towns and cities .
LANG_ENG The databank will be completed regularly with appearance of new materials and constructions .
LANG_ENG The Commission will provide the breakdown of figures against the various DAC codes from the OECD showing commitments in 2002 and 2003 for health and education .
LANG_ENG Although SMEs now employ two-thirds of the workforce in the whole of the European Union , there is still employment potential in the SME sector .
LANG_ENG So far 2623 persons have signed the petition on line .
LANG_ENG in writing . - (SV) The moderates have voted in favour of the proposal for an EU strategy on the rights of the child .
LANG_ENG Each Block will be displayed for at least 100 days .
LANG_ENG Given the size of the airlines , I think we must do as we did in the banking sector and move towards prudential rules in their case , rules that would oblige them to provide themselves with a form of compulsory insurance .
LANG_ENG administration of website and webshop of Goldkraft Trading: onsite presentation of new products , adding within the shop .
LANG_ENG It is not something you do yourself .
LANG_ENG It surely helps that we have a marketing expert on-site !
LANG_ENG Let us be fair , our friends from France , and let us keep it clean , this is not a game against France .
LANG_ENG PROMET ohm meters feature a modern operating concept , an interface to the test systems of the ACTAS product range and an optional remote control unit , making them both flexible and versatile .
LANG_ENG On the following pages , you find various documents for download .
LANG_ENG To create a template , I scanned a real Lego horse and manipulated the picture to a two-dimension building outline .
LANG_ENG A win and a trip to San Francisco .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I should first of all like to thank Mr Hatzidakis for his sound preparation of this report .
LANG_ENG The fight is for purely material things , therefore .
LANG_ENG 20 And when the night came , Moroni went forth in the darkness of the night , and came upon the top of the wall to spy out in what part of the city the Lamanites did camp with their army .
LANG_ENG Admittedly we have not got the Constitution , but we do say that this Reform Treaty represents progress in every respect .
LANG_ENG The wine boutique is ideally suited for business gatherings , family reunions and similar occasions .
LANG_ENG This morning &apos;s news concerning Israel &apos;s partial withdrawal is encouraging , but obviously it is only really a very partial withdrawal .
LANG_ENG I do not believe that the balance between those two elements is easy .
LANG_ENG The Council would emphasise that what history , including the Holocaust , can teach us is that it is necessary here and now actively to combat racism and xenophobia in all its forms .
LANG_ENG It is a very good and elegant hotel very near the centre (10 min walk). Breakfast was very good (fruit , nice coffee).
LANG_ENG The huge number of servers and processors brings many more components with just as many connection points into play .
LANG_ENG Although when translating teachings it is necessary that the translator not edit or change what the Geshe or Lama has said , it is a different situation when translating the foreigners &apos; questions .
LANG_ENG This Parliament is the biggest of those circles .
LANG_ENG That is what we want today and that is what we want after the elections in June .
LANG_ENG ... dining room , private lounge and banqueting hall services .
LANG_ENG Nowadays , these dwellings are still used , most notably for conservation (effervescent wines) and mushroom cultivation .
LANG_ENG Our printheads are used in access , parking and scale systems but also in lottery and gaming .
LANG_ENG There are 3 Jasmine Villas situated in this part , one of them has been sold .
LANG_ENG Every time new zones are developed , mobility develops .
LANG_ENG If you are in search of nature , history and culture ...
LANG_ENG The position of the European Parliament in this matter is clear .
LANG_ENG There are almost 300 000 Poles in Lithuania , in regions where they make up 60-80% of the population , but they are not entitled to use their mother tongue as an auxiliary language in official situations .
LANG_ENG My own conviction is that , of the priorities for launching such an initiative , three warrant particular attention .
LANG_ENG Inevitably I get the cases that have not worked out that way .
LANG_ENG The study of the German Member Committee discusses among others , hybrid and electric technologies , including fuel cells , which help to considerably reduce the emissions of diesel and gasoline powered vehicles .
LANG_ENG Besides from &quot; classical &quot; rotational symmetric aspheres we also offer aspherical mirrors , axicons and cylinders .
LANG_ENG There is a deeper issue at stake .
LANG_ENG On a separate matter , the European Commission has already stated that the reduction in the use of tobacco products will be a key political objective of this European Commission .
LANG_ENG Using the light from quasars , the SDSS will detect tens of thousands of galaxies in the initial stages of formation .
LANG_ENG The Giannakou report represents a clear improvement on a number of points .
LANG_ENG To put it clearly , I fear that our conclusions may not have the necessary and essential legal scope to oblige the Commission to modify its manner and its way of working .
LANG_ENG For example , an educational environment for analysis and intervention in terms of dyscalculia and dyslexia will be developed which uses elements of computer games .
LANG_ENG There have been 12,848 accesses , 2,718 of them to this page , since 4 April 2005 .
LANG_ENG Web hosting is optimized , but on our servers , the popular CMS systems of Drupal , Typo3 or Contenido easily and naturally to operate safely .
LANG_ENG The endeavour of conceiving accessories with a timeless symbolism yet for all age groups was the inspiration behind the jewellery design of the new brand Tarnoki .
LANG_ENG Safety does not become an issue only if products reach Europe .
LANG_ENG Freedom of expression is limited .
LANG_ENG Message Center - Learn about system and support features you might not discover on your own .
LANG_ENG I should like to pick up on a couple of points .
LANG_ENG News 2010 of the water park No. 1 in Europe , Strizzacool is a super slide with launch tower 25 meters high .
LANG_ENG Finally , in 1999 , I will draw the operational conclusions from the report drawn up by a joint discussion group on staffing policy , which is currently the subject of extensive consultations with the staff representatives .
LANG_ENG There are plans to relocate part of the Fujitsu activities to the US , and this may mean up to 140 people losing their jobs .
LANG_ENG The promotional activities for the Health Tourism in Turkey have been carried out for the first time by our agency since 2000 .
LANG_ENG The norm of reciprocity demands that the harm is equalized; trauma for trauma (you suffer my suffering), and guilt for guilt (we are equally bad you and I).
LANG_ENG grass -- Geographic Resources Analysis Support System .
LANG_ENG t is impossible to imagine Lanzarote as it is today without Cesar Manrique . Painter , sculptor , ecologist , curator of monuments , construction counselor , planner of urban complexes , landscapes and gardens designer .
LANG_ENG Lunar colour always was a symbol of perfidy , illusiveness .
LANG_ENG sans cliquer sur ce bouton , Grisbi ouvrira de lui-même la fenêtre de ventilation à la place de la fenêtre des opérations .
LANG_ENG  (DE) Mr President , this was the last calendar vote in this legislative term and we have averted five attempts to challenge Strasbourg as the seat of Parliament , and as the sole seat of Parliament , through irrational amendments .
LANG_ENG On the national scope , the Felipe Calderon government has been consolidated in spite of everything .
LANG_ENG This only affects the version of gaim in the unstable distribution .
LANG_ENG 12 And a all these things must surely come , saith the prophet b Zenos .
LANG_ENG * * * When connecting two hopper loaders , a maximum of one hopper loader can be equipped with two material inlets .
LANG_ENG Mr President , the Commission has changed its approach with regard to the arrangements for coordination of the pre-accession instruments .
LANG_ENG The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
LANG_ENG We train more than two million growers to use our products safely and effectively every year , and dispose of them in a way that minimises risk to human health or the environment .
LANG_ENG Certain , il 19enne Joe Jonas è il tipo di ragazzo che lascia una ragazza più giovane come Taylor Swift con una telefonata da meno di mezzo minuto per mettersi con una più grande e sicuramente con più esperienza come la bella di 10.000 AC , Camilla Belle .
LANG_ENG Re-opened in September 2007 as part of the Rocco Forte Collection , Le Richemond has been completely redesigned , resulting in a setting that is elegant and contemporary , as well as urban and cosmopolitan .
LANG_ENG However , I shall at least try to make my position clear on some aspects of this report which have concerned Parliament in reaction to the Commission &apos; s initiative and the commitments announced by the Council .
LANG_ENG The doctor must treat each patient with the greatest respect .
LANG_ENG I think that it is a bit late for revenge and , if you think about it , we had our revenge under Alexander the Great .
LANG_ENG This is why this reflector is particularly well suited to illuminating sloping surfaces from a low height .
LANG_ENG I believe we should achieve this in time .
LANG_ENG At LCWO you can learn Morse telegraphy (CW) online in your browser .
LANG_ENG On that occasion , I concluded by saying that the present basis for the decision was unsatisfactory .
LANG_ENG The whole issue of protecting our people &apos; s health and food is at stake .
LANG_ENG Me quedo su empresa - tienes deudas , quieres acabar Traspaso de Negocio Nuevo !
LANG_ENG This means that first of all , we must help with the unification of Mercosur and the Andean Community , and then the unification of the entire South American Community of Nations .
LANG_ENG Every year in june a festival takes place within the idyllic landscape near the Manhartsberg , where the composer spent his last years . The festival ist arranged in cooperation with the Municipiality of Maissau and the Gottfried von Einem Music Foundation to commemorate the composer .
LANG_ENG Thank you very much .
LANG_ENG Will you do that next ?
LANG_ENG The second time , fifteen years later , I myself had the honour and the duty of bringing the problems of the mountains to this House , with my report on a new strategy for mountain regions , approved on 23 October 1998 .
LANG_ENG We carry out comprehensive tests and inspections in our laboratories to ensure that our products meet the specified quality requirements .
LANG_ENG Are you interested in our race Pictures ?
LANG_ENG As you see , the Commission has adopted a prudent and realistic approach in the light of the implementation of earlier years .
LANG_ENG To start with , the private sector is doing well .
LANG_ENG Machiper takes responsibility for the Client " s ideas , accommodating all manufacturing phases at its headquarters to save on movement costs . The finished product is delivered direct .
LANG_ENG If we Christian Democrats want to ensure that the community of values is not a pious platitude but an item on the daily agenda , we must specify what lines common and concrete policies must take .
LANG_ENG Serbs killed our corporal while on patrol . Beautiful weather .
LANG_ENG It is not only putting it far more absurd .
LANG_ENG To go back to heading 1 briefly , it is true that there is a reduction , but , at the same time , within that reduction , there is a planned increase of EUR 50 million for convergence countries and regions; I wanted to mention this .
LANG_ENG The disposal process for the ThyssenKrupp Xervon group has been stopped by the Executive Board of ThyssenKrupp AG .
LANG_ENG In the context of the conciliation process , from which we achieved excellent results , we have commissioned a study which should once again make it clear , where young people have been placed at risk , just how great that risk is .
LANG_ENG In the case of easterly swells the break can be massive on a lot of days , so for sure not a place for beginners but a great challenge for experienced surfers and well worth a trip to Barbados .
LANG_ENG Furthermore , I am convinced that this Parliament will support me when I say that it is vital for technical measures to be simple , that they should be cost-effective , that they should be technically feasible and practical for operation in commercial conditions .
LANG_ENG F and G). Note , the sharpness of the Pathfinder images is by far not that good as 20 years ago on Viking as during the Pathfinder mission an information-reducing picture compression algorithm (comparable to JPEG) was used .
LANG_ENG As noted above , for some simple applications , the . / configure stage is omitted entirely . In this case , go straight to # Step 2 .
LANG_ENG Membership of committees and delegations: see Minutes
LANG_ENG � dokaze o sukladnosti za ugra � ene gra � evne proizvode , dokaze o sukladnosti prema posebnom propisu za ugra � enu opremu , isprave o sukladnosti odre � enog dijela gra � evine bitnim zaht � je � vima iz poglavlja II .
LANG_ENG NAFTA is doing its part , the financial part still goes begging .
LANG_ENG It will help us to move forward on a solid basis to the next phase in the development of a marine strategy .
LANG_ENG Personal information is collected and processed exclusively under the terms described in the section entitled " Use of personal information " below .
LANG_ENG It was entirely businesslike .
LANG_ENG You gave some assurances earlier today at some meetings and perhaps you would clarify for all of us what exactly you said .
LANG_ENG The pharmaceutical industry should operate under the control of society , without bringing in private profits , and it should produce the necessary medicines so that they can be distributed to all those who need them .
LANG_ENG Stainless steel or black powder coating is available , other RAL colours on request .
LANG_ENG I believe you have a whole host of problems coming forward and , should you read the political tea-leaves correctly , you will be keen to get your reforms under way even quicker than you have done .
LANG_ENG Typically provided before STOP ™ training begins , the STOP ™ Implementation Assistance Workshop helps build a strong foundation for STOP ™ and increase involvement across your organization .
LANG_ENG He has been portrayed in many forms , such as a child rising from a lotus , a bird , a cat , and a lion .
LANG_ENG In fact , it is completely wrong , especially when they are going to be slaughtered .
LANG_ENG The colour is a pale dove grey .
LANG_ENG It also describes our experience operating the SkyServer on the Internet .
LANG_ENG Officials , not of the highest rank , talk for a few hours behind closed doors - Europe asks about Chechnya , Russia answers with a question about Estonia or Latvia , and they go their separate ways for another six months .
LANG_ENG Response times are correspondingly short when it comes to bringing the right products to market , 24-hours a day and at short notice .
LANG_ENG Bob Coppinger , Eddie Kelley and Will Winship will not forget this day either .
LANG_ENG • You can relax in our fitness centre and enjoy a Swedish massage which will tone and relax you , helping your body to regain its natural equilibrium .
LANG_ENG A hand wheel driven lead screw quickly changes the ABG-50 for different bag widths while the optional servo drive adjusts the width on the fly to accommodate mixed loads .
LANG_ENG Our golf clubs are outstanding , internationally renowned , adapted to all levels of play .
LANG_ENG Why did it happen ?
LANG_ENG Understanding what is changing in order to prevent and fight the drug problem more effectively is a criterion that we should apply when assessing the monitoring centre " s role .
LANG_ENG The events in North Africa have resulted in a new migration flow on Europe &apos;s southern border .
LANG_ENG Your browser does not have the Adobe Flash  plug-in at the level required to view the UPS Europe Business Monitor site .
LANG_ENG Is immaterial labour the condition out of which a radical socio-political transformation of contemporary post-Fordist capitalism can emerge ?
LANG_ENG The basic principle involved here is: the cabin air filters should be replaced by an expert workshop .
LANG_ENG Private complex with swimming pools , playground and located near supermarkets , restaurants , and shops .
LANG_ENG Unlike the US , China did not suffer from a liquidity shortage and a credit crunch during the global financial crisis .
LANG_ENG In the Committee on Budgets , we have just now decided that this body should have more departments so that it can carry out its supervisory tasks .
LANG_ENG This data transfer technology allows the transmission among various devices (server , printer , mass storage , cameras) within a network .
LANG_ENG Upgraded guest amenities , bathroom slippers , bathrobe , welcome cookie tray and mineral water , departure souvenir .
LANG_ENG 42 And a Isaiah , who declared by prophecy that the Redeemer was anointed to bind up the broken-hearted , to proclaim liberty to the b captives , and the opening of the c prison to them that were bound , were also there .
LANG_ENG Success has thus been achieved in giving clearer emphasis to the principle of the autonomy of colleges and universities and the preservation of their own understanding of their educational purpose .
LANG_ENG In addition , and also retrieved from the reflex is film simulation; the fs behind the type number indicate this . • Read our full Fujifilm FinePix S100fs review .
LANG_ENG If the saddle stitcher is equipped with a merchandise tipper , the signature sticker control tests whether the specified card or sample is actually available .
LANG_ENG CFM International CFM56-5 engines will power all the aircraft .
LANG_ENG The liver mitochondria could not keep up with the energy onslaught , and had no choice but to employ a little-used escape valve called " de novo lipogenesis " (new fat-making) to turn excess energy substrate into liver fat .
LANG_ENG He was the author of 42 theatrical set designs .
LANG_ENG But while approaching the shooting place the clouds drew back over the sky and it began to rain when we stood there , hoping for stars .
LANG_ENG There are four formal great halls in the castle , whose windows all look out over the marvellous landscape of Lake Geneva .
LANG_ENG For , even as the central banking authority administered the price of liquidity , the price of risk was left to the tender mercies of the market .
LANG_ENG The rural home has recently been restored , as the house is 300 years old .
LANG_ENG The Logis of Belgium: human-faced , traditional and countryside hotels .
LANG_ENG From June 23rd to June 28th , the prominent tourist destination Rovinj will be the ideal place for all dance enthusiasts , especially fans of salsa , where they can combine two pleasures - salsa and a stay in this picturesque Istrian town .
LANG_ENG The Network Install CD has all of the packages for a base install but requires a network connection to a Debian mirror site in order to install the extra packages one would want for a complete system .
LANG_ENG All important signboards are in English . All transactions with commercial establishments are typically in English .
LANG_ENG You should have called me prior to that vote .
LANG_ENG do you know La Fortuna de San Carlos well ?
LANG_ENG Unfortunately , you quickly discover that playing on this old piano is almost impossible , because this is completely out of tune .
LANG_ENG Factors that characterise the ligands are their charge , size (bulk), and of course the nature of the constitutent atoms .
LANG_ENG How to change menus in the &apos; order form &apos; and make some fields &apos; mandatory &apos; ?
LANG_ENG Attacks using chemical , biological , radiological and nuclear (CBRN) materials constitute a grave threat to the European public .
LANG_ENG We all have concerns that Plan Colombia might escalate the conflict and increase the influence of the guerrillas out there .
LANG_ENG With my first salary and my savings I was able to buy my first electric guitar - a meaningful moment not only for my but my parents , brothers and sisters and the whole neighbourhood ... no more silence !
LANG_ENG I would now like to talk about food labelling .
LANG_ENG Mrs Randzio-Plath has spoken this morning , and not for the first time , on the quality of public finances and taxation .
LANG_ENG Effective working length of 740 mm up to 3040 mm and sheet metal thickness of 0,5 up to 5 mm .
LANG_ENG Immediately prior to his appointment as CEO of Siemens , he served as President of Global Human Health at Merck &amp; Co , Inc . , in the United States .
LANG_ENG This is annexing of territory , for the Qiriat Arba settlements are illegal .
LANG_ENG In this sense , the story of human beings Alhavi , since the lifting of the area in which the name of God and the good name Taibha , Alqhiri said .
LANG_ENG Part of our cabin crew is Chinese , which creates a welcoming and familiar atmosphere .
LANG_ENG Pippi &apos;s adentures are so numerous that I simply can &apos;t write about all of them . Every reader has his / her personal favourite adventure .
LANG_ENG Unfortunately , this proposal has still not been developed .
LANG_ENG The debate is closed .
LANG_ENG I answered: number one is waste , number two is waste , number three is waste , number four is waste and number five is waste .
LANG_ENG This will clear the values you set with nvsetenv and should allow you to boot either a MacOS bootdisk or a Linux bootdisk .
LANG_ENG The costs of this shortfall are estimated at EUR 150 billion .
LANG_ENG With an enormously versatile range of more than 15,000 sensor , fieldbus , interface , connectivity and RFID products , TURCK offers highly efficient solutions for factory and process automation .
LANG_ENG Entierement renove en 2000. real estate Saujon .
LANG_ENG It could be determined that the structures were built out of massive clay walls .
LANG_ENG I hope it can be retrieved .
LANG_ENG . Parliament has approved a number of amendments to the regulation before us , which have made substantial improvements to the Commission " s original proposal .
LANG_ENG Natural zeolite absorbent litter for your cat (and other small pets - hamsters , guinea pigs , rabbits , mice , tortoises , etc .
LANG_ENG Developed as a light weight machine that can be easily transported on a trailer towed by a small truck , van or even a passenger car , the E16 offers high performance in rental , landscaping , municipalities and utilities .
LANG_ENG Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas Patch is a patch that you can install to repair your GTA San Andreas game .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I find it somewhat ironic that all of the men who have spoken on the other side of this House have had the temerity to tell women what they should do with their bodies .
LANG_ENG These deal with the functions of TOSCA Testsuite ™ - staggered according to the requirement level .
LANG_ENG This is the only way to find an honourable and lasting peace which is so desired by the populations of the region and by the wider world .
LANG_ENG Take a tour of the Peace Palace and the Ridderzaal (hall of knights) or stroll through the miniature streets of Madurodam .
LANG_ENG The feature set is rounded off with capabilities to flight-check within the application based on user-defined rules , output specs and layout specs (in Job Jackets).
LANG_ENG The first is that the Council hopes that the Afghan Government will assume a greater share of the responsibility for Afghanistan &apos;s reconstruction and development process .
LANG_ENG We thought it was worthy and DG XI and Mrs Bjerregaard came up with a proposal that met with the approval of all of us .
LANG_ENG Symbols can best be described as identities .
LANG_ENG Belief in a progressive religious decline is part of Europe &apos;s definition of what constitutes the modern situation , and this has real consequences for religiosity .
LANG_ENG The main types of shrink film are: single wound , centre folded and tube .
LANG_ENG Towards the top of the tree , Christ appears nailed to the red cross that is attached to the green trunk of the tree .
LANG_ENG Situated in the heart of London , the experience takes visitors on an immersive and interactive journey along the Great Oceanic Conveyor .
LANG_ENG The patient " s balance and coordination improved significantly .
LANG_ENG The link between globalisation and Lisbon gives us an excellent opportunity to show how , in this day and age , the European economic agenda is not an optional extra: it is the key to unlocking a successful future for Europe .
LANG_ENG Minimax has developed two options - hidden and recessed Undercover sprinklers .
LANG_ENG An important part of creating growth in the new economy is to increase the flow of venture capital for newly started-up and expanding businesses .
LANG_ENG And naturally we mustn ' t forget our &quot; Sonngastein Express &quot; - fun for the wohle family in one go !
LANG_ENG Besides , in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity , a regulation would not be the right instrument to use in relation to such a vital aspect of the sovereignty of the Member States .
LANG_ENG The Cathedral Basilica , built in the Renaissance style between 1556 and 1654 , and and decorated with important paintings from the " Cusco School of Painting " and a magnificent choirstall and pulpit carved in cedar .
LANG_ENG Moreover , we had to carefully control and monitor the distribution and exchange of Setco " s sensitive product information which is one of our major company assets " , comments Matt Kershaw , Project Manager , Setco .
LANG_ENG This would not only be good for the climate; it would also reduce the number of road traffic accidents .
LANG_ENG Ceramics consist of baked clay , and their artistic and creative appearance means that , in many households , they are kept or re-used , so that they do not end up in the household rubbish .
LANG_ENG  (PT) Mr President , I too want to start by congratulating the rapporteur on his work , and also the shadow rapporteur of the PSE Group , not only as shadow rapporteur for this report , but also for the own-initiative report that preceded this debate .
LANG_ENG The EU " s suspension of sanctions and general readiness to engage constructively make sense .
LANG_ENG We are today facing the acid test .
LANG_ENG This has formed the basis of the Commission &apos;s work during the last four years .
LANG_ENG This area is known for the farming of tomatoes , onions and grapes .
LANG_ENG in writing . - (HU) The report entitled &apos; Towards a common European foreign policy on energy &apos; makes the important point that Europe &apos;s energy supply depends to a growing extent on unstable and non-democratic countries .
LANG_ENG I welcome the new rules introduced by the Treaty of Lisbon allowing the European Parliament to be more closely informed about international agreements .
LANG_ENG We are therefore hoping to create a link within the employment guidelines between creating new chances for the unemployed and new jobs on the one hand and the quality of those jobs and social protection on the other .
LANG_ENG Most cruise ships drop anchor to the east in Cancun or Cozemel , Quintana Roo State .
LANG_ENG We are happy to announce further dates of the RECOIL &apos; SELECTED &apos; Tour .
LANG_ENG In addition , it supports Jaz and Zip drives; CompactFlash or MemoryStick cards (which must support NTFS4 , NTFS5 , FAT16 and FAT32 file systems).
LANG_ENG No one should ever , on her own initiative , reveal information from a discussion and ballot that others assumed were secret .
LANG_ENG I &apos;ve read the rules of the club and accept them by clicking the registration button .
LANG_ENG Look at the Italian version to have a complete outlook about our services , feasible also for your Company .
LANG_ENG 9 These are three grand a keys whereby you may know whether any administration is from God .
LANG_ENG And , in fact , there is something very important missing in the guidelines on employment policies , and that is immigration .
LANG_ENG I welcome your proposals , but with these you will not solve the main problem .
LANG_ENG We need to gradually dismantle the entrenched structures of social exclusion and poverty in this Europe of ours .
LANG_ENG Malolactic fermentation is not typically used either .
LANG_ENG Under no circumstances is it allowed to employ persons under 15 years (in exceptional cases 14 years).
LANG_ENG In the Commission communication , we emphasise that it was necessary to show how the Integrated Product Policy can operate in practice , and we have also said that we wish to use two methods to do this .
LANG_ENG on behalf of the GUE / NGL Group . - (NL) Mr President , 10 years ago , the idea of tough measures to put an end to single-hulled oil tankers was not yet a realistic one .
LANG_ENG We all agree , I think , that we need effective policy planning and implementation , that we need a strategic approach .
LANG_ENG To instantly check availability for all Evje hostels , use the form on the left of the page .
LANG_ENG This last sector is not included in an amendment by Mr Kittelmann , but we suggest that it be included because it is also extremely important .
LANG_ENG With their performance at Shea Stadium in 1965 , The Beatles set new world records for concert attendance (55,600 +) and revenue .
LANG_ENG You can get in touch with us on our Freenode IRC channel # Apachefriends .
LANG_ENG They always looked like we were disturbing them , even when we just said hello while passing by . Just too bad , as it is a good hotel !
LANG_ENG If the second trial of supplementary performance fails , the client receives the right to choose the kind of supplementary performance on his own . The application of Art .
LANG_ENG I cannot rule out that I might have forgotten to sign in .
LANG_ENG Feature articles , surveys and research on smoking-mail .
LANG_ENG Gnash supports the majority of Flash opcodes up to SWF version 7 , and a wide sampling of ActionScript 2 classes for SWF version 8.5 .
LANG_ENG Budapest Tourism Office - Sign up for our Newsletters !
LANG_ENG Only after we know the actual starting position and the situation concerning compliance with the regulations should we seek amendments to regulations which are already established for international shipping and , as the case may be , for the European Union too .
LANG_ENG It can be assumed that these migratory movements primarily involved younger age cohorts who left the eastern states in search of a training place or a job and that these losses could not be offset without corresponding influxes into the eastern half of the country .
LANG_ENG Use our Service Offerings for the definition and configuration of your own proces and benefit from experiences from other customer projects .
LANG_ENG Currently OpenSSH does not provide a way to chroot automatically users upon connection (the commercial version does provide this functionality).
LANG_ENG This morning , we discussed with the European Ombudsman the question of what powers he possessed to monitor EPSO , the European personnel agency , and he confirmed that he exercises such functions by virtue of his office .
LANG_ENG Would the Commissioner be in favour of such a system ?
LANG_ENG Nevertheless , I do not see how we can avoid the need for total allowable catches (TACs) and quotas - the old methodology , which produced some results , although it has its limitations; nor do I see how we can avoid limiting fishing efforts .
LANG_ENG The hydralic parts on the EFE equipments: EFE manufactures his own hydraulic cylinders for refuse collectors .
LANG_ENG Shut the door there is power !
LANG_ENG There is another problem .
LANG_ENG ISS is one of the largest facility services companies in the world and employs over 460,000 staff members in more than 50 countries .
LANG_ENG The employment contracts for Executive Directors are concluded for an indefinite term with an indemnity of up to a maximum of 24 months of their target income .
LANG_ENG Relatives of those sentenced to death do not know whether or not the condemned are still alive , because the bodies of those executed are not returned to their parents or children .
LANG_ENG We basically feel that it is time for an economic boycott such as has been proposed in the United States .
LANG_ENG Little Star Day School is a busy and exciting learning environment designed to meet the needs of Infants , Toddlers , Two &apos;s , Preschool and Kindergarten aged children .
LANG_ENG We do not know where it will happen , but we know that it will happen , and climate change is there to prove it .
LANG_ENG The Douro (Spanish: Duero , Latin: Durius , Portuguese: Douro , pron .
LANG_ENG This EU ePrivacy Directive provides that location data may be used , but only with the consent of the subscriber or user .
LANG_ENG In today &apos;s world , &quot; order &quot; reflects a balance of interests that is maintained mainly by force--be it military or financial .
LANG_ENG Let us know in time , max up to one day in advance (wed 21 jan) if you would like to eat with us (or if you in the end won &apos;t make it ...), since there is only limited space .
LANG_ENG We did stumble over a few points , however , and this is reflected in the amendments we have formulated .
LANG_ENG Photo objects combine high-resolution photo quality with the simplicity of vector art .
LANG_ENG They believe that the European Parliament &apos; moves &apos; on a smaller scale than the national parliaments .
LANG_ENG The European Union must therefore act now , with substantial commitments , targets and necessary resources , both at Community level and at the level of Member States .
LANG_ENG In this video we see Cauet and his team to steer their 2 cars and luggage , a car-jacking well staged .
LANG_ENG Much the same thing happens today .
LANG_ENG Furthermore , adverse affects on the endocrine system of wildlife species have been causally linked to certain persistent biocumulative and toxic substances which will also be subject to authorisation .
LANG_ENG The content of the Site is entirely copyright and / or trademark protected (unless otherwise specified or marked) and may not be used other than provided in these Terms and Conditions without the prior express written approval of Franke .
LANG_ENG It was the first time since their ruinous wartime defeat that Germans were able to feel proud of themselves .
LANG_ENG Support of Charity actions , Science and Fundraising - &quot; We are happy to raise funds !
LANG_ENG You can choose between a private gulet charter as well as cabin charter (weekly cruises , Bue Voyage).
LANG_ENG We work with your ATS solution to ensure full use of technology functionality to meet your needs for compliance , reporting , integration , and for providing detailed data to measure ongoing program performance .
LANG_ENG Son Shustova , speak it was employed in French konjachnuju firm hundred with superfluous years back , marked there flanks in the Marseilles port , was engaged , more shortly , industrial espionage and reported on the daddy .
LANG_ENG Many European organisations and companies were represented at the meeting this week in Melbourne .
LANG_ENG Question No 59 by (H-0349 / 01):
LANG_ENG Due to the irreparable damage that it causes , FGM must be regarded by society as a very serious crime and must be vigorously combated .
LANG_ENG The European Parliament has been saying this for two years .
LANG_ENG We all know that , in order to aid the refugees , what is needed is military , political and humanitarian intervention to re-establish minimal conditions of security for civilians and for the international bodies .
LANG_ENG I wonder whether we Europeans might offer our experience of regional conflict resolution as aid here .
LANG_ENG The aim of this support is to allow Olga to learn a profession .
LANG_ENG Critique today must remain a fully public practice , engaged in communicative action and indeed , communicative activism: the re-creation of an oppositional culture , in forms specifically conceived to resist the inevitable attempts at co-optation .
LANG_ENG The smaller the number is the better does the backround fit but the more space you need;).
LANG_ENG Most cases of onychomycosis in children show no sign of infection in adjacent skin sites .
LANG_ENG The two boroughs also could not agree on a common location for the future borough &apos;s city hall , so the present location in Friedrichshain was decided by throwing a five-mark coin .
LANG_ENG Elsewhere in the world , others have made a different choice and have reached a situation where you are asked for your bank card on entering a hospital before they will treat you .
LANG_ENG Ladies and Gentlemen: please clear the ring for the Swiss Music Awards 2010 !
LANG_ENG With their impressive appearance they are first-class touristic attraction .
LANG_ENG The Commission will , as usual , be called upon to express its opinion to the Court in the coming weeks , but the Court is not due to issue its judgment for many months yet .
LANG_ENG Sattler produces over 20 million square meters of fabric for the world market per year .
LANG_ENG Mobile phones are marketed in many countries .
LANG_ENG About 10 min from the centre , very luminous and well looked after .
LANG_ENG 70 hectares out of the 500 are dedicated to the growing of the Sangiovese grape variety which produces the Chianti Classico wine .
LANG_ENG I trust this objective will unite us all , and that we will be prepared to regroup under the European flag as we strive towards it .
LANG_ENG After the small town of LE VILLE don " t take the superstrada toward Arezzo , instead proceed in the direction PIEVE A RANCO , after about 4 km , turn right for BADIA SAN VERIANO , TOPPOLE .
LANG_ENG Until the end of this year a first public beta version is planned to be released .
LANG_ENG It will also discuss stepping up the fight against organized crime and seek to give an impetus to cooperation between the Member States in this vital struggle .
LANG_ENG Still , there is a big difference between an Iraq that struggles and one that implodes; between an Iraq that contributes to global energy security rather than undermining it; between a civil war and a regional war .
LANG_ENG Into the Google translation , click on the left side of the &quot; tools and funding ...
LANG_ENG The other piggy snouts and I have recently founded a guinea pig rights movement . We call it UNITED GUINEA PIGS .
LANG_ENG I want to apply different backgrounds and layouts myself . How do I do this ?
LANG_ENG In this section , we try to give you the answers to all the questions you might have about the integrity of LiiPoker .
LANG_ENG Quinta do Encontro is a project of Dão Sul .
LANG_ENG As regards the secretarial allowance , if we are to improve it , it is essential we have in place an assistant &apos;s statute .
LANG_ENG And you &apos;ll receive a small PST file , which you can easily burn on a CD .
LANG_ENG As a result of the problem of mutual recognition of qualifications , many months passed before I was able to take up my position .
LANG_ENG The results are of importance for the understanding of phase boundaries , systems in external fields and in contact with container walls (&quot; wetting &quot;).
LANG_ENG In these cases , and provided that it was possible , the predicted time limit will be expanded to the strictly necessary time for the delivery of the good .
LANG_ENG The Europe of monetary union must also be the citizens &apos; Europe .
LANG_ENG This contrast is causing some Members of this Parliament to start working towards a single EU representative on the Security Council and a single European army , with a view to becoming the second world superpower alongside the United States of America .
LANG_ENG This general increase is certainly impressive .
LANG_ENG After one month I was relieved from constipation .
LANG_ENG It is standard practice to discriminate against albinos in daily life , in schools , in public institutions and on the labour market .
LANG_ENG However , the requirements to be met by X-band technology concerning the properties of materials used and the processing accuracy are more demanding .
LANG_ENG However , there is also a name for what is blocking this comprehensive action: the hypocrisy of the Member States .
LANG_ENG Many consider Krupa to be the most influential drummer of the 20th century , a claim likely to remain controversial . Considering that this period saw the development of the drum kit , this would arguably make him the most influential kit drummer ever .
LANG_ENG The Council has a clearly defined position on this matter .
LANG_ENG The Poznań School of Logistics was established in 2001 and instantly took a leading position in Poland " s education market in providing professional education and preparing its graduates for the attractive profession of a logistician .
LANG_ENG Probability of the blood mark to occur when the suspect is not guilty is 0.13 .
LANG_ENG During the summer months it is hot with temperatures between + 18ºC and + 30ºC .
LANG_ENG Mr President , one of the principles of good taxation is certainty , both of the bases of assessment and the tax rate .
LANG_ENG in writing . - (PL) The proposed framework directive consolidates legal solutions in the area of soil protection policy that are contained in a fragmentary way in other legislation relating to waste management , the use of pesticides and environmental protection .
LANG_ENG Apply for our vacant posts .
LANG_ENG As a proportion of Austria = s population of about 8 million , the number of Balkan refugees alone would be equivalent to over 1 million refugees in Germany and over 3 million in the United States .
LANG_ENG The most important integration process in the European Union is happening right now while we are sitting here .
LANG_ENG The Prüm Convention will strengthen security within Europe .
LANG_ENG Baron Franz Xaver von Zach (Franz Xaver Freiherr von Zach) (June 4 , 1754 - September 2 , 1832) was an Austrian astronomer born at Pest .
LANG_ENG Always be sure to have a street map handy ! The roads within Madrid are difficult to navigate as there are no places to stop and consult a map or check your route .
LANG_ENG They inspire and give Neue Börse an individual face .
LANG_ENG You have direct access to the entire customer history .
LANG_ENG Do you have an internship opportunity in the USA ?
LANG_ENG We also have a policy to protect us from exorbitant price rises . In addition , we have a Stability Pact to safeguard us against the munificence of public administrations .
LANG_ENG He was living at the time with his third wife Stella , and his mother Gabrielle . He is buried in his home town of Lowell .
LANG_ENG These aspects are also exponentiated by the great speed of the system !
LANG_ENG To discuss problems with other users , you can use one of the MySQL mailing lists .
LANG_ENG We can hardly imagine that it is going to sacrifice its own creation .
LANG_ENG EVALUATION OF MODERATE CONSUMPTION OF BEER .
LANG_ENG This is why I propose most definitely a common energy policy .
LANG_ENG The European authorities have already authorised the privatisation of the British body responsible for air traffic control .
LANG_ENG rapporteur . - Mr President , I am coming back to you with some concrete next steps on the report on the role of culture in the EU &apos;s external actions that we talked about this morning .
LANG_ENG This will cause the oscillator frequency to decrease .
LANG_ENG Of particular concern is the relevance of micro-supervisory oversight and whether the ECB , by dint of its role in the recent crisis , is automatically qualified to be involved so directly in this endeavour or whether it will carry with it significant reputational risk .
LANG_ENG Moreover , the directive is being asked to give more than it is able to .
LANG_ENG Bashir took part in the defense of AR-558 , which was a planet that guarded the supply route of the Federation .
LANG_ENG in writing . - The lifelong learning programme helps finance education schemes like Erasmus .
LANG_ENG in writing . - We Greens have strongly supported this report by our socialist colleague , Badia i Cutchet .
LANG_ENG Given that simplification is directly linked to transparency , I will take advantage of the Commissioner &apos;s presence in plenary to ask him a question out of context .
LANG_ENG * You can enter the amount , which you have agreed with the owner of the hotel , in the field &quot; amount &quot; .
LANG_ENG Based on an order book of 116 aircraft ATR will strongly increase deliveries over coming years .
LANG_ENG I can therefore only support the rapporteur in his demand for the acceleration and extension of the process of simplifying the law and for the rapid implementation of the proposals drawn up by the SLIM teams .
LANG_ENG For the first 1,350 altimeters you can take the comfortable cable car .
LANG_ENG The Canary Islands became part of the Spanish kingdom in 1496 . Christopher Columbus stopped here on his way to discover the &quot; new world &quot; .
LANG_ENG • CHECK-OUT: check out is by 10: 00am on the day of departure .
LANG_ENG Febeach strives to continue the custom of hospitality and excellent high quality service .
LANG_ENG Although the European Union does not share a common fiscal policy , the value-added tax is a key source of funding for the European Union " s budget .
LANG_ENG Attention Mac-Users: If you have a previous version of Coloriage installed , you &apos;ll have to remove the &quot; AKVIS Coloriage &quot; folder in the Plugins folder before installing the new version .
LANG_ENG The Regulatory Committee has proved to be the most troublesome aspect of comitology and way beyond the effective scrutiny of Parliament .
LANG_ENG Chicago: A very large white platform (20 " x 24 " x 13 ") is constructed 13 feet off the ground , on top of the trusswork above the exhibition space . It is perforated with two holes and ladders that lead up to them .
LANG_ENG Today , the facts tell a rather different story .
LANG_ENG We really need to be looking for alternative sources of energy Now !
LANG_ENG Mr. Lavin obtained a remarkable 48.7% of the vote by campaigning as an efficient , issue-oriented politician that was not influenced by ideology or the petty political quarrels of the past .
LANG_ENG . Mr President , the Extractive Industries Review , commissioned by the World Bank , is an important report and its recommendations should be carefully examined by the European Investment Bank , the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the Commission .
LANG_ENG This implies that an annual report drawn up by the end of April will include year-end statistics for the previous year at the financial intermediary level and at the SME level , detailed statistics for the preceding year .
LANG_ENG A number of speakers raised the question of the Union &apos;s response to the future of northern Iraq and the humanitarian situation of the Iraqi population .
LANG_ENG These serious , cross-border problems which we are encountering today cannot be resolved at a national level alone .
LANG_ENG The Kettler rowing machine with special outboard machanics .
LANG_ENG &quot; &apos; * It has a tool aimed to rip correctly the discs in order to have the multimedia content you whish to have , in easy and efficient way .
LANG_ENG It took place in the PGA Catalunya course , which was designed by Chris Coles .
LANG_ENG The Loser Summit and the &quot; New Tauplitz &quot; are two lovely ski areas for your most complete Winter Holiday .
LANG_ENG Homosexuality is already banned and can be punished by means of everything from fines to 14-year prison sentences .
LANG_ENG So there is doubt as to whether these pledges of the Commission contain enough substance at this crucial time when decisions need to be made .
LANG_ENG Question No 38 by Sören Wibe (H-0867 / 96) 
LANG_ENG Measures must be taken to make these procedures more flexible .
LANG_ENG I am pleased to see that the Commission shares our view .
LANG_ENG However , I do not agree that woollens should not be subject to monitoring .
LANG_ENG This increased publicity coupled with a large redevelopment programme has now placed Poznan firmly on Poland " s sightseeing itinerary , rendering it a worthy competitor to the more renowned cities of Warsaw , Krakow or Wroclaw .
LANG_ENG Our interns &apos; scope of duties reflect our law firm &apos;s areas of practice . Fredricks &amp; von der Horst is specialized in international business and commercial law .
LANG_ENG Our areas of expertise include localization of websites , e-government consulting , and the development of engaging and creative web solutions .
LANG_ENG NEW HAVEN - The severity of the global financial crisis that we have seen over the last two years has to do with a fundamental source of instability in the banking system , one that we can and must design out of existence .
LANG_ENG Indeed , 80% of all import levies are paid by the developing countries combined .
LANG_ENG Mrs Schörling &apos;s report is to that extent unbalanced .
LANG_ENG I am therefore in favour of their accession on 1 January 2007 .
LANG_ENG Long talks should concentrate on one or two particularly interesting technical aspects of the topic .
LANG_ENG The original version calls for considering alternatives to the existing gas pipeline project - alternatives which would be at least three times less costly and would not impose high environmental risks .
LANG_ENG Not only in Asia and Germany the eSport is accepted also different countries are inside the scene .
LANG_ENG Go on the same way for other segments .
LANG_ENG You must help the villagers of Awesome to save their photos from his angry stomping ... More ...
LANG_ENG Written statements (Rule 142) 
LANG_ENG Ensconced in his professorship he set about refining and defending the positions he took and methods he utilized in Principles , the result of which was the 1883 publication of Investigations into the Method of the Social Sciences with Special Reference to Economics .
LANG_ENG Let us know online about your needs for the next conference or event . We will support you in your search for the most suitable seminar hotel and propose a preliminary choice from the wide range offered by the Austria Trend hotels - for your business !
LANG_ENG However , combining some of the newer antidepressants (especially selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors) with antipsychotics can raise the concentrations of both the drugs , so monitoring is required .
LANG_ENG We continue to hammer home the need for Turkey to meet its legal obligations in respect of the European Union , but also , at the same time , for discussions not to be broken off completely .
LANG_ENG The June List believes that the EU is a union of values that must operate on the principle that everyone has equal value and equal rights .
LANG_ENG You cannot possibly spoil a small child who is only able to get attention by crying (contact crying) by carrying it .
LANG_ENG Providing a " newsticker " it could explain fine art paintings or products .
LANG_ENG In many cases , chat may be useful for communicating with other users instead of , or in addition to , voice communication .
LANG_ENG Unless that changes , the next five years will be a path to failure .
LANG_ENG The execution on this plan follows in phase 3 .
LANG_ENG The compulsory introduction of competition in this case does not mean the emergence of an ordinary market; instead it means promoting a battle for securing government subsidies for permanently loss-making businesses that want to take over government tasks .
LANG_ENG Towards the end of the year he was asked to provide copies of the project documentation he created .
LANG_ENG The Nero News presents articles about technical topics as well as information about the latest support tutorials and Nero MVP workshops .
LANG_ENG On a more practical level , the EU must bring pressure to bear on the parliaments and governments of developing countries to step up control over military spending .
LANG_ENG That is not enough; it is the work beforehand which is crucial and it needs to be carried out seriously and it needs to be carried out well .
LANG_ENG A silver had been stored there .
LANG_ENG Obviously not all users have the same needs or knowledge level , RealPlayer is a great player , but includes many funct ...
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Clarion Hotel Limerick .
LANG_ENG We seek an agricultural policy that provides high-quality , cheap food for all , and for this reason I am voting against this report .
LANG_ENG Mr Ispir has also strongly denied any wrongdoing .
LANG_ENG During 2007 the number of Italians who downloaded OOo was over - a little or a lot , depending on the interpretation of the figures - the number of those who have purchased a license of Office 2007 .
LANG_ENG It was a very good experience on the one hand; on the other it was oppressive as well .
LANG_ENG We must therefore derive some satisfaction from the progress for which we shall hopefully vote tomorrow .
LANG_ENG When would you like to stay at the Domus Sessoriana ?
LANG_ENG This excludes China , as it will not provide transparency on the issue .
LANG_ENG Ici , vous pouvez facilement commander vos tirages .
LANG_ENG Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the questions posed by Mrs Záborská and by the other speakers demand a detailed response on my part: it is only right and proper that I provide some concrete answers .
LANG_ENG This town was known in Roman times as Caput Liberum , Today Capoliveri is a quaint hilltop town with wonderful views .
LANG_ENG If that had been the more efficient way of allocating resources , we would have lost the Cold War .
LANG_ENG If you must use images for textual content , consider using the &quot; ALT &quot; attribute to include a few words of descriptive text .
LANG_ENG Further information may be obtained from the carrier as to the limits applicable to your journey .
LANG_ENG Sonar is Europe " s premier electronic music festival .
LANG_ENG This implies that for every function of the same name , a type-safe version must be declared (although you usually do not have this problem in practice).
LANG_ENG Please describe your problem using the support request form .
LANG_ENG Our hotel in Lima offers an excellent Pick-Up Package for those arriving in Lima .
LANG_ENG On the other hand , I can appreciate that the Council and Parliament have thought it desirable for discharges that do not lead to a deterioration in water quality to not necessarily be subject to criminal proceedings .
LANG_ENG Mr Di Pietro &apos; s proposal to omit the current Article 18 regarding intercepting telecommunications , amongst other things , is understandable , although very strict .
LANG_ENG Some fear misuse of the scheme but I cannot read the report as promoting abortion .
LANG_ENG This week our First Minister announced proposals for Wales to become a Fair Trade nation .
LANG_ENG Such is the case with Mr Amato , the former Italian Prime Minister , who said that the text was made unreadable because if it had been a simple text , everyone would have realised it was a Constitution and would have called for a referendum .
LANG_ENG Send me your text and you will receive a tailormade cost estimate as soon as possible .
LANG_ENG The most effective means of increasing public readiness would appear to be improving knowledge of transplant issues among the public and the media .
LANG_ENG Commissioner , fellow Members , on behalf of the group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats , we consider the report drawn up by Mr Scottà to be extremely important , and fundamentally we agree with it .
LANG_ENG This demand must be actively realised through concrete targets , in the shape , for example , of quotas .
LANG_ENG Bar , 24-Hour Front Desk , Garden , Terrace , Non-Smoking Rooms , Family Rooms , Elevator , Safety Deposit Box , Heating , Luggage Storage , Gay Friendly , All Public and Private spaces non-smoking , Airconditioning , Designated Smoking Area .
LANG_ENG Regulations are complex , muddled , rigid , cumbersome and bureaucratic , and the integration of social concerns and environmental issues into procurement practice has not yet been clarified either .
LANG_ENG They have the task to guarantee the accomplishment of a determined learning objective and to enable a successful inspection .
LANG_ENG The responsibility for compliance with these requirements rests with feed business operators , although the adequacy of the measures put in place by FBOs must be verified by the competent authorities of the Member States .
LANG_ENG fantastic view from the roof terras , nice standard room , good bathroom &amp; very nice breakfast .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG Closure of the sitting
LANG_ENG For your relaxation we also offer an indoor pool , a sauna , a solarium , fitness equipment and massages .
LANG_ENG The report says nothing about a guaranteed high level of social protection for one and all , nothing about the implementation of a coordinated approach to pay rises , nothing about quantified , verifiable objectives in the fight against poverty and exclusion .
LANG_ENG Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , tomorrow we will be voting on the Cappato report for the second time .
LANG_ENG Pure , perfect , free from limitations , the Atman , Vedanta declares , is one with Brahman .
LANG_ENG A credit card is required to secure your reservation at Burn Hall Hotel in York North .
LANG_ENG Through this resolution , Parliament welcomes the European Council &apos;s decision to adopt specific measures against those obstructing the process of peace and national reconciliation , and supports the EU &apos;s decision to impose sanctions on Laurent Gbagbo .
LANG_ENG It is only natural - as has already been said - that debate should focus on the health of poultry and the need for that to be protected .
LANG_ENG Tien Hsiang Youth Activity Center , previously knows as , Tien Hsiang Youth Hostel , was reconstructed in 1978 , with the design of famous designing master Mr.Bao-Der Han .
LANG_ENG If you have not brought your own kayak , there is no problem: you can hire one on the beach at Sant " Andrea for a few Euros .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG Thanks to this application , the waterworks company can now electronically manage the distribution of contracts , vendor and sales invoices , requirements of clients and internal documents like e.g. directives , instructions of the management or circulars .
LANG_ENG Icod de los Vinos , a place that deserves to be visited and to be enjoyed .
LANG_ENG Indeed , the US is on the cusp of energy self-sufficiency .
LANG_ENG The number of pension recipients alone is set to increase by 5.5% .
LANG_ENG It &apos;s interesting that in a place is located an unfailing source of mineral water and an area with a healing mud on the nearest beach and it &apos;s characteristics are well known in the healing of rheumatic diseases .
LANG_ENG Ideal candidates will already have notched up a number of years of experience in heir search or family research (not necessarily at a professional level) and will be able to work with historical and legal online databases .
LANG_ENG I think that one of the keys to the reform was to reduce bureaucracy to farmers and we still have some ground to cover .
LANG_ENG Designed and decorated by Jean-Philippe Nuel the Royal Montparnasse combines perfectly period decorations and contemporary comfort . Pleasantly situated on a large avenue , sided by a big pedestrian precinct , a few meters from the lively Raspail Montparnasse crossroads and the Jardin du Luxembourg .
LANG_ENG We were closely involved in all business transactions of key importance to the Com- pany and discussed these transactions thoroughly based on the Board of Management &apos;s reports .
LANG_ENG The Baden-Baden region also offers a variety of water sport opportunities: Surfers and sailors can indulge their passion along the Rhine or in French Alsace .
LANG_ENG The Salobre Golf Course is an ambitious course with a numerousness of different shots and situations on the entire range .
LANG_ENG The MBN F-300 can be installed in a hanging position by three built in flying eyes .
LANG_ENG This is what the reports from Ukraine are saying .
LANG_ENG Debian comes with over 25000 different pieces of software .
LANG_ENG The finalists will be presented in a special exhibition area of the Digital Signage World at viscom frankfurt 2010 .
LANG_ENG Our training concept is based on years of experience , which we would like to share with you in our practical seminars .
LANG_ENG The new Europe of 25 has an important future ahead of it: dealing with what is happening around it .
LANG_ENG We have travelled around Mexico and we discovered a culture and life which was unknown and yet familiar .
LANG_ENG None of us will ever forget the horrific attacks on the Twin Towers on 11 September 2001 .
LANG_ENG The window before your betting area will show the total amount you have wagered (ANTE + Bonus Wager).
LANG_ENG Aimé Jacques Alexandre Bonpland (August 22 , 1773 - May 4 , 1858) was a French explorer and botanist .
LANG_ENG For a relaxing and healty holiday ...
LANG_ENG If that still fails , the installation program attempts to run in text mode .
LANG_ENG We have been urging the Israeli Government to be more receptive to the need to break that logjam and to be more considerate of a number of factors which will help to build a peace process .
LANG_ENG However the European financing scheme is both diverse and complicated .
LANG_ENG Banner Engineering is one of the world &apos;s leading manufacturers of vision sensors , photoelectric and ultrasonic sensors , fiber optic assemblies , indicator lights , machine guarding systems , and precision measurement and inspection systems .
LANG_ENG Main focus is the promotion of innovations and new technologies aiming at strenghening the region and to provide new jobs .
LANG_ENG No wonder such a decision has evoked dissatisfaction and public protests , which have been , and are still being , brutally suppressed .
LANG_ENG We are preparing a Commission communication , which will be presented before the summer , in which we try to approach the question of the open coordination on pensions in a more analytical manner .
LANG_ENG Mr President , thank you first of all to Commissioner Wallström and Mr Davies for the good work they have done on this matter .
LANG_ENG &#91; 24 &#93; Luc Boltanski and Eve Chiapello , Le Nouvel esprit du capitalisme (Paris: Gallimard , 1999); for what follows , cf .
LANG_ENG The value of these corals and other deep-sea organisms to our heritage will be seen over time and it is widely acknowledged that they have huge biotechnological potential .
LANG_ENG Several Debian developers will meet at the booth .
LANG_ENG I believe that the feasibility studies requested have already been carried out by a number of independent institutions . Therefore , I am convinced that it will be possible to continue discussing this issue in an objective way .
LANG_ENG We offer him our best wishes in his work .
LANG_ENG The European Parliament has a duty to take urgent action to create a European volunteer corps .
LANG_ENG Recommendation for second reading K. Jensen (A4-0137 / 97) 
LANG_ENG Here in the EU , we constantly reiterate the need to promote integration: sport is the ideal way to achieve this .
LANG_ENG A space capsule like a shooting star that to everyone who discovers or watches it gives the possibility to send away wishes for a happy future .
LANG_ENG This hotel enjoys a central yet quiet location .
LANG_ENG We had a very friendly welcome from the receptionist and the hotel was well placed for a short walk to town . Parking was easy and free of charge .
LANG_ENG This town was constructed by the Wari culture (500-900 A.D.).
LANG_ENG Among the amendments tabled by Mr Argyros to the proposal for the &apos; Competitive and sustainable growth &apos; programme , the Commission is particularly interested in those which accentuate the sustainability dimension in all planned research .
LANG_ENG For example , since 2008 , when the central authorities tried to boost growth to combat the global crisis , local governments expanded their investment capacity through shadow-banking vehicles that sought to circumvent restraints on bank credit .
LANG_ENG You remain solely responsible for your posts , and accept to guarantee the inoffensive character of this vBulletin * discussion forum . (* The creator &apos;s of the discussion software .
LANG_ENG Also in our free online service , Search E-Services Reports , we have introduced this integrated way of reporting .
LANG_ENG This Parliament has asked whether the problems identified to date will require the system to be rebuilt .
LANG_ENG The first thing to be done is for the European institutions to draw up a code of conduct in which they undertake not to have a hand in actions aimed at repressing what goes on online .
LANG_ENG I bring good cheer because one of the few successful outcomes of the Copenhagen conference was broad agreement on a mechanism that will enable developed countries to contribute financially to prevent the destruction of tropical rain forests .
LANG_ENG Christian values lie very close to my heart , and in this area he has always been a mainstay of Parliament .
LANG_ENG The kami are commonly petitioned for quite earthly benefits; a child , a promotion , a happier life .
LANG_ENG The Emperor presently sent another trustworthy official to see how the work progressed and how soon it would be ready .
LANG_ENG Not even two months later , a similar number of Christians were murdered in just two hours .
LANG_ENG I must say that our security service really reacted very rapidly and very efficiently , and that efficiency meant everything was soon under control .
LANG_ENG The hot stone massage has a positive effect on the welfare of the body .
LANG_ENG What kind of impact does the angle of attack have ?
LANG_ENG Any additional charges on Irish hauliers would have a major negative impact on our exports .
LANG_ENG Often this Parliament is not , because of the long lead-in time for issues to be debated in this House .
LANG_ENG Mr President , the British delegate has just spoken using Mr Bowe &apos; s speaking time .
LANG_ENG Party membership was restored to purge survivors , and they received new jobs , but they were forbidden from discussing the horrors that they had endured .
LANG_ENG This protocol merely brings the Euro-Mediterranean agreement establishing an association between the EU and Jordan into line with what has , in reality , been applied since 1 January 2007 .
LANG_ENG A process that once took years now takes weeks because we have an instrument at European level and because we have European legislation that enables us to do that .
LANG_ENG The Andalusian sun can be taken at the beach club or on the sun terrace which surrounds the large outdoor swimming pool .
LANG_ENG I &apos;m thankful that Erin dis survive it , because she gives so much strength with her comic to me and possibly also others ...
LANG_ENG I can assure you that the environmental chapter is one of the four most problematic chapters .
LANG_ENG Thanks are due not least to the rapporteurs for their good and cooperative approach to our work together .
LANG_ENG Our tourism , and in particular our agri-tourism , are closely linked to the countryside .
LANG_ENG The hotel " s convenient location and good road access means that Poznań " s Old Town , Central Station and the International Poznan Trade Show Centre are just minutes away .
LANG_ENG You can instantly switch spectrograms between display in the linear frequency scale and the logarithmic musical scale .
LANG_ENG Induction of a primary T-cell-mediated immune response against drugs and drug metabolites in vitro .
LANG_ENG I have tried to achieve a minimum consensus in my group .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Simitis , the President-in-Office of the Council , quoted the statement from the summit to the effect that Iraq &apos;s territorial integrity must be maintained .
LANG_ENG The card works only together with the newest install-misdn-mqueue installation script .
LANG_ENG Protecting the document means that without the password a user cannot add or delete sheets .
LANG_ENG We hosted Jelena Janković in Grand Hotel Portorož .
LANG_ENG four floors) and villas , with a percentage of green areas that exceed the ones of other cities of its environment .
LANG_ENG Houses will be installed automatically after clicking the file (fileextension: .sims2pack).
LANG_ENG ........ we know each other since 1973 as business colleagues and sport mates . When he was a young man , he travelled 10 km by bike to come to the dog sport area , later by motorbike and car .
LANG_ENG Finally , I will be meeting shortly with executives from the major oil companies , as I consider it very important that oil companies behave in the most responsible manner given this situation .
LANG_ENG I feel very proud that Europe preserves precisely these objectives and truths in its tradition , in its culture and in its history .
LANG_ENG About 50 minutes were lost but finally the car was back on track .
LANG_ENG The other side depicted Shambhala as a land of malevolent power .
LANG_ENG Of this desire , one prominent facet surfaces in all translation types in concerns expressed by all translation professionals: aspiration for quality .
LANG_ENG That is the key issue and that is the question that must be put clearly to our Turkish friends .
LANG_ENG The Zeughaus cinema is in the German History Museum . This is located right next to the Museum Island in the heart of Berlin " s historical centre , in the Mitte district .
LANG_ENG Goods for theatre , music performance , cinema , painting / Cinema- , video- , audio- , photo production ...
LANG_ENG It seems that I can &apos;t use the old fonts like Snap with AA ... What &apos;s the deal ?
LANG_ENG The Commission has just extended the embargo on Portugal by another six months . At the same time , it has partially lifted the embargo on the United Kingdom .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG I should like to highlight that , in future , we will be extremely short of cash in Headings 3 , 4 and 5 .
LANG_ENG The whole line of the back must be recognisable .
LANG_ENG I learned to love God and I hope he continues to help me to please every day and be a pleasant perfume , fresh to his prescencia .
LANG_ENG Hunting: All through the island hare , partridge , woodcock , wood pigeon and mainly in its southern part migratory quails .
LANG_ENG It comprises 2 bedrooms , bathroom , open kitchen , living / dining room , office , store room as well as telephone connection , TV sat , air conditioning in the bedrooms and central heating .
LANG_ENG In summer , when the heat becomes unbearable amid the concrete canyons of the city , there is nothing better than getting out of town and up into the al ...
LANG_ENG Regular Suite one-bedroom-suite with separate living area , bathroom with Jacuzzi and separate shower , located in the main building or in the garden , balcony or terrace and frontal sea view .
LANG_ENG I just wish to express my amazement to the House so that at least it is recorded in the Minutes .
LANG_ENG On the ground floor of the house there is a place with more facilities for our guests .
LANG_ENG I voted to remove the paragraph referring to encouraging states to outlaw the wearing of the hijab for young girls .
LANG_ENG Our solution Modawi offers you legally compliant processes with which you can already make your IT systems ready for the electronic record procedure .
LANG_ENG Last night I was playing Dungeons and Dragons with a couple of friends .
LANG_ENG Users can change their class room or search for free rooms with certain equipment , for example a video projector or a hi-fi system . And they can even book these rooms themselves .
LANG_ENG The majority of the cases took place in the federal state of Mato Grosso do Sul , which borders on Paraguay and Bolivia .
LANG_ENG The handover of the first smart fortwo electric drives to customers together with the official launch of the RWE electricity charging infrastructure introduces the next stage of electric mobility: As of today clean , intelligent and customer-friendly electric mobility is enabled by &quot; e-mobility Berlin &quot; .
LANG_ENG For this reason , we require you to send your first and last name and email address used by you when registering plus your billing address in full , street , city , state and country to support @ bingoday.com using the e-mail address registered in your bingo account .
LANG_ENG 1701 Herrmann Zapp has found the first fabrication plant in the Oberbergische Region by acquiring a steam hammer forge .
LANG_ENG Broadly , Conservatives support the aims of this report although we reject the need for a single powerful co-ordinating figure to speak on this matter .
LANG_ENG Stadler Rail AG treats the protection of your private data very seriously .
LANG_ENG Southern Taurus Mountains in many places extend till the sea , which is why many bays and islands , both large and small , have been formed .
LANG_ENG The crowd is in good spirits , the people &apos;s eyes are shining , they are wearing orange , they are inventive in laying siege to the old , corrupt system of power , they while away the dreadfully cold nights by building campfires .
LANG_ENG Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Christofias is not without political challenges within his own coalition .
LANG_ENG For instance , the default x86 2008.0 profile can be found at / usr / portage / profiles / default / linux / x86 / 2008.0 .
LANG_ENG I would like to push the Commission a little bit further , though , on focusing on the specific problems of profiling .
LANG_ENG I have followed this report closely , since volunteering has a major importance in current society .
LANG_ENG There is no visible glass damage beyond minor pitting of the windshield . The vehicle is mechanically sound and all accessories are operable .
LANG_ENG Would the chance of a little charity not help ?
LANG_ENG If your Word document contains text boxes , words in those boxes will not be counted .
LANG_ENG · Publication of announcements in official gazettes and the press .
LANG_ENG The discussions on the Ghilardotti report were anything but simple , both in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs and in the Committee on Women &apos;s Rights - I am a member of both .
LANG_ENG Ribonucleic acid (RNA) acts as an interpreter in a process called transcription (the reading of genes).
LANG_ENG This is what Masuru Hayami , the former governor of the Bank of Japan , feared when he resisted calls for more monetary stimulus .
LANG_ENG The adidas Group and its brands have business relationships with manufacturers in many countries around the world .
LANG_ENG Pest is the eastern side of the Danube River in Budapest , Hungary .
LANG_ENG For thought-provoking is what each of them is - whether in the right or wrong way I consider less than crucial - and from them we must develop a long-term energy strategy for Europe .
LANG_ENG Consumer and housing loans in Greece have reached 95 billion euros: consumer credit is growing at the highest rate of any country in the Euro area , and is approaching the EU &apos;s annual budget total .
LANG_ENG A security vulnerability exists in Microsoft Office 2000 that could allow arbitrary code to run when a maliciously modified file is opened .
LANG_ENG , draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
LANG_ENG Every day 5,000 people die because they lack access to safe water .
LANG_ENG Mr President , this debate on my report is most timely , coming as it does only two days ahead of the first formal Justice and Home Affairs Council under the Swedish Presidency .
LANG_ENG Tunguska Electronic Music Society puts out some of my favorite albums . Always an expert job , beautiful tunes , relaxing , ambient , delightful sounds .
LANG_ENG We go down the SP 329 that leads to Sassetto for a few meters and after two bends , near the cemetery , we turn left down a steep hill , following the signs for a oil mill .
LANG_ENG The FreeGIS-Tutorial (in german language) explains how to do common GIS task with Free Software .
LANG_ENG I recently heard of a Christian community in Sofia which has been trying to secure recognition since 1990 .
LANG_ENG Mobil Home Loft 75 - 4 persons at max .
LANG_ENG Let your imagination run wild ... The Villa Mauresque teams are at your entire disposal to ensure your event truly lives up to your dreams .
LANG_ENG Once the job is done , we will immediately upload the edit to your web server and test it within the environment of your website .
LANG_ENG Supported Windows Installer Version: Microsoft Windows Installer version 2.0 or later .
LANG_ENG Mr Alavanos is right in a sense , but if it were possible to give a more definite reply , the problem would already have been solved .
LANG_ENG I therefore believe , Mr President , that there is still a long way to go .
LANG_ENG Everything that has been drafted over a whole year with colleagues and fellow workers has already been sufficiently discussed in the budget committee , the plenary sessions and the conciliation proceedings or in trialogues .
LANG_ENG It is extremely good that you have been converted at last .
LANG_ENG Fortunately , things are progressing at this moment , although diseases are progressing even faster .
LANG_ENG By achieving these things , we can ensure that world trade becomes part of the solution and not part of the problem .
LANG_ENG The committee has proposed an additional EUR 40 million for the prevention of animal diseases .
LANG_ENG Research and development can thus lead to new products being created , and there was once a very good quotation on the subject: &apos; today &apos;s research and development policy is tomorrow &apos;s social policy &apos; .
LANG_ENG Your computer establishes unnoticed connections and / or doesn &apos;t quit them .
LANG_ENG Discover the glamour of Hollywood in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip at this luxurious hotel and casino , offering first-class facilities , personalized service and a free bottle of alcohol per stay .
LANG_ENG Mr President , the policy being pursued by Turkey in the region is generating problems and posing a threat to the security and stability of the European Union &apos;s south-eastern corner .
LANG_ENG A short walk to the Costa Teguise &apos;s fabulous beaches , these elegant apartments have a fantastic pool which is heated in the winter . Enjoy typical Canarian design in the interiors .
LANG_ENG Very clear .
LANG_ENG That is very much understood .
LANG_ENG One of the objectives of the proposal is the abolition of the registration tax in order to incorporate it into the annual circulation tax over a period of five to ten years .
LANG_ENG If two or more columns of the result have the same field names , the last column will take precedence .
LANG_ENG It includes concepts that are innovative , such as reversed qualified majority voting and the fining of Member States , and ensures that national budgets are no longer a matter merely for national parliaments .
LANG_ENG The limits of military power have been exposed .
LANG_ENG For the full and detailed explanation of each function , consult the PDFlib Reference Manual which is included in all PDFlib packages distributed by PDFlib GmbH .
LANG_ENG He could neither eat nor drink , do not sleep .
LANG_ENG The pending implementing regulation must be drafted carefully and take Parliament " s views on the matter into account .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I know this does nothing to change the outcome but a great many Members entered the Chamber after the vote .
LANG_ENG During the period that this environment action programme is to apply , the European Union will be enlarged through the accession of a large number of new countries .
LANG_ENG There is a separate remark for the agency enlargement costs .
LANG_ENG I commend my report to the House and hope that it will be supported tomorrow .
LANG_ENG The element of a universal body as a starting point for observation and critique thereby remains stable .
LANG_ENG We can hope that it will be the case , and my party certainly supports this move .
LANG_ENG Special deal if renting the whole house .
LANG_ENG Our competent , creative , responsible-minded and highly motivated team focuses on the development of comprehensive multi-media solutions for the online market in order to make our partners and clients even more successful .
LANG_ENG Thirdly , we felt it was important to remind the European Commission that it is not above other Community institutions , especially those that are responsible for scrutinising and overseeing its work .
LANG_ENG There is no USB HUB implementation .
LANG_ENG We must also facilitate the mobility of the workforce by promoting the recognition of pension and social security rights .
LANG_ENG It is good that people are dealing with legislative area by legislative area and can extend it to cover more areas if that should be of importance .
LANG_ENG Today the Hotel Continental is reborn under a new name and a modern and contemporaneous style . Best rates on official website start at US $ 230 .
LANG_ENG - While emerging breath normally withaut holding your breath .
LANG_ENG on behalf of the Verts / ALE Group . - (DE) Madam President , I have asked for the floor because I do not agree with the voting order on the Trautmann report .
LANG_ENG The debate is closed .
LANG_ENG We have revised the financial framework three times - which had never happened before - Galileo , the Food Facility and , now , EUR 5 billion .
LANG_ENG Why was it not checked by state inspectors and by the company itself ?
LANG_ENG But I would like to receive a reply in due course , because this issue has been the subject of many a discussion in previous meetings .
LANG_ENG These special editions were created by Frozen Silence especially for you !
LANG_ENG Morph { B } { B } { B } (You may cast this face down as a 2 / 2 creature for { 3 } .
LANG_ENG Are we no longer interested in caring for life ?
LANG_ENG In recent months , I have been approached by several researchers who are afraid that the software patent is putting the brakes on innovation in the European Union .
LANG_ENG In addition , the stepped edge line design of the air box cover was continued at the rear section .
LANG_ENG The results we achieved at Tampere can , in my opinion , be regarded as successful in many regards in terms of the expectations of the public and the development of the Union .
LANG_ENG Our hotel is located close to Krakow Old Town , Krakow Central Railway Station and Coach station as well as Galeria Krakowska , the biggest in Krakow , shopping center with 270 shops and restaurants .
LANG_ENG During an escape attempt , T &apos;Pol uncovered a hatch leading to a secret facility , unknowingly exposing the Vulcans &apos; duplicity .
LANG_ENG Irrespective of how the vote goes tomorrow , it is important that we conduct the negotiations quickly .
LANG_ENG In the unfortunate event that the Treaty of Amsterdam is ratified , such proposals may , after five years , be adopted by the Council by qualified majority , by joint decision with the European Parliament and on the basis of the Commission having a monopoly of initiative .
LANG_ENG In particular we have given more attention to territorial cohesion . This includes stronger wording on the urban question .
LANG_ENG As mentioned in the debate , in times of crisis it shows that the European Union is indeed a union with a human face .
LANG_ENG Sample the tasty international and regional cuisine in the restaurant or enjoy a snack or refreshing beverage in the bar .
LANG_ENG In the district of Mitte / Tiergarten you can find our charming hotel on a historical site .
LANG_ENG Euratom could very well take charge of this if the Commission and Council were to take a decision to that effect .
LANG_ENG I think Mick has heard some of the guitar solos in our songs , studied them and wanted to work with us , so we went to his house and rehearsed song .
LANG_ENG For the moment , only the orders coming from Switzerland will be taken into account .
LANG_ENG The Swiss Franc (CHF) is the national currency .
LANG_ENG Behind the general issue of immigration , this decree is in fact directed specifically at the Roma .
LANG_ENG In accordance with the Rules of Procedure , we are going to resolve this issue in the only way that we can , which is on the basis that Parliament is sovereign .
LANG_ENG It was with great regret that we discovered what happened during the last elections , that things were clearly not quite as they should have been .
LANG_ENG Not counting several breakdown , and other doors in a neighborhood of 16 homes and have an annual expenditure of over one million pts d elas old , went from 6000 € easily .
LANG_ENG Since yours is a small country , you might be able to diagnose why we never arrive at solutions .
LANG_ENG Deep in Glen Elendra blossoms Oona , queen of the faeries , nourished by secrets and pollinated by stolen dreams .
LANG_ENG I have already indicated that the European Parliament , Council and Commission have worked closely and constructively together .
LANG_ENG Both Greek and Turkish Cypriots want a solution to the Cyprus problem and are eager to serve the interests of their country for the good of both sides .
LANG_ENG We will look back in amazement at how much more progress Europe made on cutting red tape on goods and businesses than it did on people .
LANG_ENG As from 2001 the management of the company is assumed by the engineers J.-L. Monnier and P. Michel .
LANG_ENG For example , your site may often appear in Google searches for espresso gadgets and coffee widgets .
LANG_ENG Site Check saves you time - fill out only one form instead of a dozen when checking a website .
LANG_ENG On top of that you are treated as an individual; we do our best to meet your every need and your smallest desire .
LANG_ENG The budget is a good compromise inasmuch as we have been able to maintain a low rate of increase but have nevertheless found reasonable resources for our priority areas .
LANG_ENG France is a constitutional state .
LANG_ENG And how exactly does the search for the term work ?
LANG_ENG Mr President , let me too begin by saying that I sometimes find the voting goes too fast .
LANG_ENG The so-called Oculus (Latin for eye) is the ethereal aura of a disembodied eye , which glides invisibly and silently through the air controlled by its master .
LANG_ENG The Left &apos;s rank and file is faceless , with Communists , former guerrillas , and other radical fellow travelers marching side-by-side with a moderate majority of Social and Christian Democrats .
LANG_ENG We spruce and pine of the highest quality treated with organic substances .
LANG_ENG The debate is closed .
LANG_ENG Everybody appears to be waking up today to the corruption of Mr Ben Ali &apos;s regime .
LANG_ENG Groups and travel parties can experience great outings and excursions , as well as first-class , friendly service during their stay at the Hotel Krone .
LANG_ENG The supplier is liable with regard to GetYourGuide according to this Cooperation Agreement and the applicable legal provisions .
LANG_ENG Create a poster , or a set of posters , around a theme , such as &quot; Tor for Freedom !
LANG_ENG I voted in favour of the Oomen-Ruijten report , because I think it is a good compromise that can support the dialogue between Member States and European Institutions on the modernisation of pension systems .
LANG_ENG 3 . Refusal of the extradition from Brazil of Cesare Battisti
LANG_ENG Græske ejere som var yderst venlige og virkelig god mad i restauranten .
LANG_ENG Putting Lebanon Together
LANG_ENG Perhaps are you taking a great deal of interest in a particular category of glass .
LANG_ENG Dear reader , the olive oil that you can buy and consume here on Crete , is without doubt of the best quality in the world !
LANG_ENG But what I consider at least equally important is that we now have the first outlines of a European position on the reform of the world financial system , the reform of the International Monetary Fund .
LANG_ENG Leading companies will present plants and machinery as well as components and auxiliary materials - practical and applicable .
LANG_ENG Tip: Due to huge list of &quot; ... unsecured 10000 fast loan ... &quot; related keyword pages listed on this page , use the &quot; Find in Page &quot; function below .
LANG_ENG Close cooperation with tooling guarantees a constant processing chain from the vehicle engineering of a stamped part to mass stamping .
LANG_ENG For example:
LANG_ENG To improve active safety in traffic , cars should be equipped with driver assistance systems that are able to communicate with each other and also with the traffic infrastructure .
LANG_ENG Clearly , Member States are at different levels of economic development .
LANG_ENG It would also maintain current consumptions levels and avoid tax increases , while redressing public-investment shortfalls in order to boost growth and expand employment options for today " s middle class and future generations .
LANG_ENG The answer is , again , &apos; yes &apos; .
LANG_ENG Furthermore , reinforced financial support for the transfer of knowledge and the development of production capacity in the developing countries is needed , as well as priorities in political contacts and the debate with the new alliance .
LANG_ENG To achieve this , we need more research , more cooperation and more epidemiological data .
LANG_ENG However , the consultation also clearly shows that there are problems in applying the rules in many cases .
LANG_ENG The Commission , as the guardian of the Treaties , endorses the Council &apos;s intention in this case , especially given that the common position is in keeping with the Århus Convention , which allows the contracting parties to adopt criteria for public access to justice .
LANG_ENG We accepted the challenge to create a black-paged book to be used with a white or silver pen .
LANG_ENG Other day excursions include the caves at Campanet , the monastery of Lluc and the ruined castle of Alaró .
LANG_ENG When summertime was introduced in Austria , it came in for some very heated criticism .
LANG_ENG And to make things more complicated , Bulería can switch from 12 beats to 6 beats and vice versa at any time .
LANG_ENG However , Ireland does receive preferential treatment as regards financial support from the Community for carrying out control , inspection and monitoring measures .
LANG_ENG .. Also involved with other NGOs , schools and state institutions in social and ecological projects .
LANG_ENG Progressive EU engagement with Belarus needs to reflect positive steps by Belarus itself , but we also need to show flexibility .
LANG_ENG Rather than continuing to pile new debts onto bad debts , the EU stabilization fund could be used to collateralize such new par bonds .
LANG_ENG We have decided to maintain our viewpoint , as Mrs Haug has just stated that we must maintain the own resources ceiling at 1.27% , provided that the old calculation method is maintained .
LANG_ENG  (Mr President , as the European Parliament is debating Russia , the trial of Stanislav Dmitrijewski , senior editor of the newspaper and head of the Russia-Chechnya Friendship Association , is continuing in Nijni Novgorod .
LANG_ENG  (EL) Madam President , there is only one Macedonia and it is Greek , which is why these games need to stop .
LANG_ENG For mobile use , DYNACORD provides a comprehensive range of ultra compact solutions to high performance concert sound systems .
LANG_ENG The competition will begin on the first Sunday of September (the 5th).
LANG_ENG I should like to see the Commission make proposals for extending this system to include other sectors of the budget , notably the Structural Funds .
LANG_ENG Whether you choose to experience our homeland on foot or by mountain bike is entirely up to you .
LANG_ENG In some cases , incomes are being halved .
LANG_ENG  (FR) Madam President , to act on the decision by Parliament , last week , to refuse to grant budgetary discharge to the European Police College (CEPOL) for 2008 , Parliament will now strengthen its position by freezing part of CEPOL &apos;s budget .
LANG_ENG This , in turn , will bring about stability , and the irreversibility of the process of democratisation , and economic growth in this region , which carries a heavy historic legacy .
LANG_ENG It covers the genres of fairy stories , musicals , pre-Carnival productions , puppet theatre , concerts , circus and much more .
LANG_ENG A week for the whole family on ...
LANG_ENG For further pictures of HRM Expo 2009 click here .
LANG_ENG &quot; Luck is a mosaic , which is made up of unobtrusive small joys .
LANG_ENG The Bush administration wanted to fight Saddam Hussein well before the terrorist attacks on the US of September 11 , 2001 , but it could not have gained public support .
LANG_ENG Like you , Commissioner , I hope that this year we shall make progress on the problem of setting up and implementing pilot projects , so that we are better able to meet our society " s expectations .
LANG_ENG Should the need arise parents can count on the assistance of our regular paediatrician .
LANG_ENG The Peruvian authorities consider that the disappearance of numerous people , including children , is attributable to this appalling practice .
LANG_ENG I do not propose to go over them again .
LANG_ENG In conclusion , Iran is at a particularly crucial juncture .
LANG_ENG It &apos;s important to keep your piano away from a heating register in winter , an air conditioning vent in the summer , a fireplace , a frequently opened window or outside door , and direct sunlight .
LANG_ENG The gulf between the words of political leaders , not least government representatives , and their translation into concrete actions is taking on scandalous proportions in the field of combating transnational crime . We must put an end to this situation .
LANG_ENG When in doubt , the principle of subsidiarity suggests that national states remain supreme;
LANG_ENG Funds are however available for large projects and for professional cultural events , whose scope sometimes even extends beyond Europe .
LANG_ENG The vote will take place at the end of the debate .
LANG_ENG If banana production were to cease on the island of Madeira , it would represent an enormous environmental catastrophe as well as a serious loss of income for thousands of families .
LANG_ENG Bock develops her works according to the inner logic of the materials she uses , whose intrinsic characteristics she highlights by means of minimal interventions .
LANG_ENG It follows , then , that failure on our part , failure to achieve this compromise , would have sent the worst imaginable message about Europe " s capacity to act effectively , and would also have given the public the wrong idea about us .
LANG_ENG This B &amp; B is on the 7th floor of a 15 floor building , where students and young workers live and get together .
LANG_ENG It is vital that we are consistent in our approach to public safety and to the collective peace of mind throughout the Union .
LANG_ENG Compare that to other systems that crash multiple times a day .
LANG_ENG Notwithstanding its positive aspects , the experience of the practical application of the environmental impact assessment (EIA) procedure also shows us that it can and should be improved .
LANG_ENG You can download the Pantaenius wallpaper and receive a new yacht picture every month .
LANG_ENG However , it is clear that the pharmaceuticals industry makes a huge amount of money from the fact that the two products must always be sold together .
LANG_ENG It also contained one of the few gas chambers not located in the large extermination camps of Eastern Europe .
LANG_ENG What we did approve was the contribution of the Commission to the guidelines for the national employment plans for the year 2000 in the follow-up to the so-called Cardiff , Luxembourg and Cologne procedures .
LANG_ENG First , we start with the Red Bull Soccer Shootout game - more games will follow ...
LANG_ENG This third-party content does not originate from us , nor do we have any way of influencing it .
LANG_ENG The Commission has therefore had no opportunity to discuss the specific call in the motion for resolution for current Commissioners to respect voluntarily the new Code of Conduct .
LANG_ENG It no longer has the support of unionists in the area . This body has responsibility to spend EUR 25 million in the coming years .
LANG_ENG proc _ nice () is not related to proc _ open () and its associated functions in any way .
LANG_ENG I remember how Oxfam , for instance , a whole year before the Rwanda catastrophe , pointed out time and time again what was likely to happen there .
LANG_ENG This would mean that Parliament should have the opportunity , pursuant to Article 300 , to declare its opinion on this agreement .
LANG_ENG The matter is therefore extremely serious .
LANG_ENG  (Applause) 
LANG_ENG In my country , too , a law was recently passed which curbs tobacco advertising .
LANG_ENG The deadline for realising the number portability operation should be shortened in those Member States where it is still a serious problem .
LANG_ENG Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park inspire bikers with their diversified and twisting stretches , breathtaking scenery , cloud-topped mountains and that all-pervading mystic feeling .
LANG_ENG A fine result for Mr Major .
LANG_ENG We believe that there is no substitute for small classes and qualified teachers .
LANG_ENG 24 physical education students participated in a &quot; double blind &quot; trial , where neither the athletes nor the trial co-ordinator knew which treatment each group was receiving .
LANG_ENG With the replacement of some 10,000 older passenger aircraft , the world " s passenger aircraft fleet of 100 seats or more will double from some 14,000 today .
LANG_ENG The hotel offers recently renovated and cosy rooms , a private car park , and it provides a free airport shuttle service (limited seating).
LANG_ENG The music theatre projects fulfill the motto of the Twelfth Munich Biennale in different ways: In the Amazon project , the perspectives of the European dominators , of the indigenous preservers , and of those with questions about the future encounter one another .
LANG_ENG Such invalid provision shall be replaced by a provision corresponding as closely as possible to the purpose of the invalid provision .
LANG_ENG The service desk is the central contact point for all operational requests from the business to the IT organization .
LANG_ENG Public enterprises started to shape up as private companies , increasingly so , where growth , profit and market value were considered more important than the social consequences of their actions .
LANG_ENG Helen Mirra &#91; USA &#93; Green break for Jackson Mac Low 2005 / 2006 Cooperation with Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe .
LANG_ENG Content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License , unless otherwise noted .
LANG_ENG After this united effort , the world &apos;s rich nations , together with the governments of these countries , must draw up a plan for rebuilding this area and go beyond cancelling debts .
LANG_ENG The hotel Adrema is centrally located in the beautiful Charlottenburg district , just steps away from the river Spree .
LANG_ENG However , we cannot agree with Amendment No 48 , since it would mean that anyone wishing to set up a broadcasting organisation would be required to have a licence .
LANG_ENG The dark-skinned Zakaria , a naturalized American from India with a Ph.D. from Harvard , felt compelled to affirm his loyalty for America twice .
LANG_ENG At FLOR by heuga we try to make everything as easy as possible for our customers so ordering your FLOR by heuga carpet tiles is simple .
LANG_ENG In Fennhals , you will come across the former Roman Road called " Via Claudia Augusta " and a magnificent summer residence from the 16th Century with wonderful frescoes .
LANG_ENG Decision on urgent procedure
LANG_ENG It gotting dark soon , so wee needed urgently a nice place four our tent .
LANG_ENG The burden of proof will thus be reversed .
LANG_ENG We were staying on the 2 floor , so we could hear the staff door in the kitchen , which opened / closed regularly in the morning .
LANG_ENG The penalties for positive tests have meant the 10.12% of the total .
LANG_ENG Anna Eleanor Roosevelt was First Lady of the United States from 1933 to 1945 .
LANG_ENG Great for those who know exactly what the want .
LANG_ENG But it also took away the one-way-bet character of speculative attacks on vulnerable currencies , and thus removed the fundamental driver of instability .
LANG_ENG Fallow deer breeding appears in the next several years as very profitable business , also in tourism and agrotourism .
LANG_ENG Consequently , cultural exchanges should be seen as a two-way exercise , rather than being limited to a significant &quot; if possible &apos; or &quot; if necessary &apos; .
LANG_ENG Mr Weber is right: there is left-wing extremism and right-wing extremism , but there is not just left-wing and right-wing extremism , there is neo-liberal extremism , Catholic extremism , Muslim extremism , ecological extremism and anarchic-insurrectionist extremism .
LANG_ENG Vila Vita Parc is one of the most beautiful resorts in the world .
LANG_ENG This is a nice apartment in the centre of Zandvoort , only 5 minutes away from the beach , with your own parking space .
LANG_ENG I do not doubt for a moment Slovenia &apos;s capacity as a small Member State to preside over a successful presidency .
LANG_ENG The webinars are hosted by some of our SDL team , plus on occasion , webinars are also hosted by guest speakers , who are leading industry experts , on industry topics such as terminology and translation memory .
LANG_ENG Will the Commission then take them seriously ?
LANG_ENG Many enhancements have been added into Java 6.0 to make it work successfully with Windows Vista .
LANG_ENG but in doing so there is no danger that the addition of an add-on firefox fails to install the right one for your operating system ?
LANG_ENG Bedea uses an SQL-server as its database to serve 15 parallel running workstations . This ensures flawless database employment and uncomplicated , efficient data exchange , as well as integration of CAQ-data into other applications without any problems .
LANG_ENG It was built on an immense half-artificial , half-natural terrace , where the king of kings created an impressive palace complex inspired by Mesopotamian models .
LANG_ENG That is the direct reason for this draft directive and the further harmonization which it seeks to bring about .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I have campaigned long and hard for the establishment of a European coastguard , and in the light of numerous maritime accidents and incidents that have occurred in recent years , the case for such a maritime force has never been stronger .
LANG_ENG Most of the lodges and camps have swimming pools , allowing total relaxation every now and then .
LANG_ENG Jeff Fisher , Ph.D. , is the Director of Research for NCREIF as well as a Professor of finance and real estate at Indiana University .
LANG_ENG It does not allow any access from the web .
LANG_ENG The enlightenment is when you are helping someone " s soul .
LANG_ENG Sauzipf Rocks exists since 2000 and over the years we have developed a very good relationship to the police , local authorities , neighbours and the owners of the fields .
LANG_ENG The Netherlands will soon be debating a law on intelligence and security services in parliament . This law legitimises ECHELON-type activities .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG They are due to the longstanding in-house culture .
LANG_ENG Description Find comfort and ease while staying in this tranquil and cozy studio , which is perfectly located near the center of Vienna .
LANG_ENG To analyze the influence of layer thickness were prepared samples of 0.5 , 1 and 2 mm .
LANG_ENG Let me make one final brief point .
LANG_ENG Ivory stucco and crystal chandeliers create an atmosphere of refinement throughout .
LANG_ENG The lining is off-white or cream , often merging with a colour complimenting that of the pattern towards the hem .
LANG_ENG We have consumers who cannot choose what kind of energy they are to have and who are hit by increasing energy prices and the effects of greenhouse gases and climate change .
LANG_ENG Parliament chose not to adopt Amendment 1 which would have demanded these minimum standards .
LANG_ENG The teaching of foreign languages , as a means of both communication and recognising cultural diversity , forms a substantial part of these changes .
LANG_ENG Book your accommodation in Edinburgh today !
LANG_ENG Therefore there are created a few new symbols , which allows other creators to get a fast overview about which files may be used in which way .
LANG_ENG The Cathedral " s rich history is reflected in its architecture: a mix of classicism and elegance .
LANG_ENG Enjoy all the comforts of home with comfy furnishings , TV and CD player , a balcony with a park view and the ability to prepare a gourmet meal with friends in your very own fully-equipped kitchen .
LANG_ENG When would you like to stay at the Bergland Hotel ?
LANG_ENG The silted-up area is a favourite amongst cyclists , with skaters - and glider pilots .
LANG_ENG The IGC also recognised the need to improve and to monitor the democratic legitimacy and transparency of the Union and its Institutions .
LANG_ENG Asylum-seekers are entitled to ask for protection .
LANG_ENG In exercising the rights stipulated under comma 1 the person concerned may confer , in writing , or by proxy to physical persons or associations .
LANG_ENG However , when we look at the sales figures that Windows Mobile smartphones achieve compared to the competition , things do not seem to be looking up for Microsoft .
LANG_ENG I would like to talk about fundraising .
LANG_ENG After allowing the cell monolayer to expand for days the experiment is terminated by fixing the cells in ethanol: methanol (1: 1) or in 5 to 10% paraformaldehyde in buffer for 3 to 10 minutes . After staining (e.g.
LANG_ENG Subsidies actually went from agriculture and fisheries to the other sectors .
LANG_ENG Gets a prefixed unique identifier based on the current time in microseconds .
LANG_ENG This contrast between old and new is visible looking at the antique shop Paralume . In it there are a lot of lamps on different and conflicting style with the new punky boutique Cristina which sells hats and coloured bags made in Philippines and Mauritius .
LANG_ENG Mr President , one of the big concerns is that since January apparently at least 15 people , mostly opposition supporters , have been killed in violence related to the forthcoming election in July .
LANG_ENG For the first time we put in Efika and video board .
LANG_ENG This sort of situation still exists and maybe more than we think .
LANG_ENG Fiji and the All Whites , who lead Oceania qualifying with wins in all three of their matches , will now meet in Apia on June 23 , according to the Fiji Times .
LANG_ENG Sound quality varies with several different conditions including yours and your called party " s environments , network conditions etc .. Generally quality is good and getting better each day , some say better than cell phones .
LANG_ENG Request for waiver of Mr Ribeiro e Castro &apos;s immunity
LANG_ENG a real right to speak , always in the hands of the state apparatus .
LANG_ENG  (The sitting was suspended at 1.50 p.m. and resumed at 3.00 p.m.) 
LANG_ENG How long have you had the noise in your ear already ?
LANG_ENG Of course , compiling a page creates lots of complicated links and references .
LANG_ENG I have had personal contacts with the representatives of the two countries and am confident that the power bridge between Poland and Lithuania will be created .
LANG_ENG Admittedly , the IMF was not alone in failing to interpret the underlying facts that triggered the crisis , but that is little consolation .
LANG_ENG The security instruments must be comprehensively reinforced .
LANG_ENG Belarus , currently governed by Mr Lukaszenko &apos;s authoritarian regime , has not been elected to the Council in order to avoid controversy .
LANG_ENG history of the world is that the primary rising of the free intellect and free scientific researches were experienced in the cities founded by Ion civilization .
LANG_ENG We could have drawn some very useful information from this survey on the socio-economic circumstances of students on Erasmus courses at that time .
LANG_ENG Madam President , the European Commission and the Council must clearly decide their positions for meeting the challenges of globalisation .
LANG_ENG Interface Module , now we have connector Module Series , Relay Module series , Miniature Relay Module series and Soled State Relay Module series .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I would like to congratulate both rapporteurs on behalf of my group: firstly Mrs Ţicău , and secondly my colleague Mr Grosch .
LANG_ENG Since the April 11 , 2008 , this project has been realized and developed by JSC " WEB GROUP " .
LANG_ENG Mrs Swiebel &apos;s report is important , and it is important that the debate on racism , xenophobia and anti-Semitism be conducted here in Parliament .
LANG_ENG In common speech , the term &quot; vagina &quot; is often used to refer to the vulva or female genitals generally; strictly speaking the vagina is a specific internal structure and the vulva is the exterior genitalia only .
LANG_ENG They are not being implemented because the political will is lacking .
LANG_ENG The question then is how common it is that it is just families with children who use the current subsidy .
LANG_ENG MKVToolnix is an excellent and innovative free licence programme orientated toward the editing of MKV formatted files , being more compact than the OGM multimedia container and with the possibility of editing the sound , getting a superior quality i ...
LANG_ENG I still have a question but I cannot find an answer here ...
LANG_ENG By creating an account at HäckSäck you will be able to shop faster , be up to date on an orders status , and keep track of the orders you have previously made .
LANG_ENG Who ever said to them that we wanted to speak in front of millions of people , if what we wanted to do was listen to the voices of those to whom nobody listens ?
LANG_ENG The Committee on Fisheries has voted for a second time and has not asked the Commissioner to withdraw the proposal .
LANG_ENG If you are interested in the acquisition of an interest please contact us !
LANG_ENG Then , preparing some of the typical specialties of the region such as Caburé , for example (manioc-bread on wooden sticks), you will find time to relax , enjoy the fire and the mystic atmosphere of the swamp at night .
LANG_ENG Admittedly , we were not always satisfied , but then the rules themselves are not always satisfactory .
LANG_ENG Click here to access the complete Annual Report .
LANG_ENG Screen shots were taken using xwd or GIMP and converted with convert (from the ImageMagick package).
LANG_ENG While the international community stood back and watched , these six medical workers , who went to Libya in order to offer their services for the benefit of the Libyan people , were sentenced to death in 2004 .
LANG_ENG Instead , it peddled much of the old nonsense about the EU being the peace machine of Europe .
LANG_ENG I should also like to join with colleagues in expressing my deep concern about the mass detentions that took place in August , including that of Fathimath Nisreen , a 23-year-old woman who was originally arrested without warrant in February 2002 .
LANG_ENG Spoil yourself and be enchanted by the charm of our house and feel the comfort in each of our rooms and suites .
LANG_ENG First of all , the suspension of its official , Mr Van Buitenen , who revealed the truth about fraud to Parliament , shows the Commission &apos;s authoritarian attitude .
LANG_ENG Please note that the engraving appears lighter on dark materials and dark on light materials .
LANG_ENG The report that was adopted in the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy only features certain proposals connected with the implementation of the strategy and some supplementary proposals .
LANG_ENG By making co-operation our basis , we become responsible ourselves and cannot point the finger at others .
LANG_ENG Information more so than communication .
LANG_ENG This page contains sub-categories and keyword pages contextually , grammatically and meaningfully related to the keyword / phrase property .
LANG_ENG Gallus managed a very successful launch of the Gallus ECS 340 with sales at Labelexpo in the 2-digit area .
LANG_ENG From this it follows - and the report is fairly emphatic on this point - that the fight against terrorism must remain one of the priorities of the European Union and its Member States .
LANG_ENG - % SYSDIR % \ hjxrbpv.dll Further investigation pointed out that this file is malware , too .
LANG_ENG That is how the first comprehensive European programme for cooperation in all spheres of education came about in 1995; it was called Socrates .
LANG_ENG Nenets live on the island Jamal and own huge reindeer stock .
LANG_ENG For procedural reasons , this report was approved in the Committee on Development on 19 December 2006 and the deadline was 15 January 2007 .
LANG_ENG I would like to mention two examples .
LANG_ENG Just a step from the subway (Porte des Lilas) and close to the beltway .
LANG_ENG At the present time there are two different strategies on the table as regards such aid . One is a strategy from America aiming to increase police repression .
LANG_ENG Near Pederneira , the hotel offers views of the sea and across Nazaré .
LANG_ENG The Court of Auditors found errors in the procurement procedures corresponding to a significant amount of the Agency &apos;s total budget for the financial year 2009 .
LANG_ENG The awstats account yet every time you enter in your site and your admin ...
LANG_ENG Last , let us not tax vehicle ownership , but ensure payment is made for vehicle use .
LANG_ENG Portman has been a vegetarian since childhood &#91; 46 &#93; and became a vegan in 2009 after reading Jonathan Safran Foer &apos;s Eating Animals; &#91; 47 &#93; is an advocate for animal rights . She does not eat animal products or wear fur , feathers , or leather .
LANG_ENG Due to the failure to ratify the Treaty of Lisbon on time , it is desirable , after the 2009 elections , for appointments to be made using a procedure which is much closer to the one provided for in the Treaty of Lisbon .
LANG_ENG Furthermore you love to be on the phone and give a hundred percent for our customers .
LANG_ENG All of our jams are produced in small quantities , so once they " re gone , they " re gone !
LANG_ENG Mr President , I am sorry the Council is not here tonight .
LANG_ENG First , there &apos;s the Wireless Access Point , which lets you connect both screaming fast Wireless-G (802.11g at 54Mbps) and Wireless-B (802.11b at 11Mbps) devices to the network .
LANG_ENG &quot; Our performance promise is clearly based on a long-term partnership with our customers , &quot; says Springer .
LANG_ENG We need to review the fees structure of the European Aviation Safety Agency in order to bring costs and revenue for certification activities into balance (revenue of EUR 35 million against costs of EUR 48 million).
LANG_ENG I should begin by saying that I have no difficulty in agreeing with the priorities Mr Fischer set out this morning , namely , creating more jobs in a Europe which is a major competitor on the world market .
LANG_ENG Cómodo , agradable , limpieza , habitación amplia , muy buen baño . Bonito diseño del hall y de la cafetería .
LANG_ENG We will soon be agreed on this .
LANG_ENG If such fishing opportunities exist , the people who most require to benefit from those opportunities are the beleaguered fleet operating at present in the North Sea .
LANG_ENG The second remark is to say that the position of Great Britain is morally indefensible and politically completely irresponsible .
LANG_ENG Again , a few days ago in Haiti , I saw that they play a remarkable as well as a decisive role in the administrative or public aspects of the various actions undertaken by the Union , fund sponsors or the World Bank .
LANG_ENG Nearby metro station: Strasbourg Saint-Denis (L4 , pink line; L8 , purple line; L9 , green line).
LANG_ENG For example , the retirement age for women has already been raised to 65 - i.e. the same as for men - in all the pension schemes in Finland .
LANG_ENG He first quoted part of the third chapter of a Malachi; and he quoted also the fourth or last chapter of the same prophecy , though with a little variation from the way it reads in our Bibles .
LANG_ENG In fact , though , the neo-liberal reconstruction of Europe over the past fifteen years has had precisely the opposite effect .
LANG_ENG RheinEnergie uses a secure communications protocol - the &quot; Secure Socket Layer &quot; (SSL) - to process customer data (e.g. online service sector).
LANG_ENG After I save , I moved the files head.jpg this to my hosting via FTP (file transfer protocol).
LANG_ENG Alongside this , we also need to discuss adjustment of the budgetary interinstitutional agreement (IIA).
LANG_ENG Jaundice can also cause serious irritation of the skin , which quickly disappears as soon as the blockage of the bile duct in the head of the pancreas is cleared .
LANG_ENG A holiday in Carinthia can be really beautiful - the photo album of Hotel Karnerhof will make you want to go on a dream holiday in Carinthia .
LANG_ENG The Rollei da7325 Prego compact camera will be available from October 2006 and will have an estimated price of € 199 , VAT included .
LANG_ENG Let me mention a few additional details regarding these two questions in the remaining two minutes: There was the issue of the member of the Lukashenko government .
LANG_ENG  (On request we can book for you a personal hair cut by a famous hairdresser in the most glamour street of Florence).
LANG_ENG Do we have to own everything ourselves ? Are we the only owns ?
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG That discussion , I believe , has become unproductive and no longer addresses the real issue .
LANG_ENG Here you find the present test reports of CORMORAN products from the press .
LANG_ENG Especially highlighted by the magazine was the very comprehensive and convenient processing of slides , negs and reflective originals .
LANG_ENG In view of a growing obesity problem and related diseases particularly in Western countries , one wonders why the " sugar-free " market figures developed so cautiously here .
LANG_ENG If the Union does something tangible to promote welfare and prosperity , we can also expect the Union to become more acceptable in the eyes of the people .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG The missing design loads should be applied as quickly as possible so that necessary measures can be comprehensively planned and put into practice , in view of climate change and the limits of global growth .
LANG_ENG Our superb location and facilities guarantee memorable vacation or business visit year round .
LANG_ENG Events with up to 650 persons can take place here .
LANG_ENG Grenadilla is not " black as ebony " , as in the fairy-tale Snow-White .
LANG_ENG If so , what was the outcome ?
LANG_ENG Here my bisexual girl friend Yvonne can scream as loud as she want to ............................ or not ?
LANG_ENG On the second floor of the south-exposed side of the Palace which is reachable from a wonderful grand staircase of the 18th Century , which has been recently and elegantly refurbished , there are other apartments and studios available also for one night stays .
LANG_ENG Registered StarOffice software users can take advantage of our free support offering .
LANG_ENG So anything you can do to help the consumer to have choice etc. is very important , but not at the expense of the small to medium-sized car dealer .
LANG_ENG The Council is the Achilles heel of European democracy , if not the black hole .
LANG_ENG This coordination will be needed to reassure the Member States , in particular , and I am thinking about what Mr Nassauer said , those with worries about public order and security .
LANG_ENG Mikron Tool offers professional support from engineering to advice on how to improve machining techniques .
LANG_ENG We also use third-party advertising on our website Web site to support maintenance costs .
LANG_ENG Growth in the world " s emerging economies now depends on China , the main export partner for a growing list of major economies including Japan , South Korea , India , and Brazil .
LANG_ENG And we " ve been with Cubase for more than five years now . Charles has been using Cubase most extensively .
LANG_ENG And , without confronting much more seriously the " sanctuary " role unwillingly played by Pakistan , there is no solution ahead for NATO in Afghanistan .
LANG_ENG And even what changes will be a kind of homecoming to the pristine world of the café .
LANG_ENG The internal conflicts referred to in the draft resolution and during this debate should be resolved by political means , and the sides in the conflicts should respect human rights and international humanitarian law .
LANG_ENG In this section you can set image sizes , number of images displayed on each page ...
LANG_ENG Tourists may in fact completely immerse themselves in a very short time and in a fascinating landscape dominated by the inner lagoon and the surrounding vegetation , in total silence .
LANG_ENG On Monday , as you all know , a summit will take place here , in Brussels , at which all of these issues will doubtless be addressed with President Putin .
LANG_ENG In 1876 , Eduard Sacher founded the hotel Sacher in Vienna . He was the son of the creator of the original Sacher-Torte , a unique chocolate cake .
LANG_ENG The harder blocks of training (long runs , interval training , tempo runs etc .) should be done running or VICSYSTEM won &apos;t be able to monitor your progress .
LANG_ENG and what is the cheapest model can be found ke ke and format ?
LANG_ENG Martin Michael Müller studied Physics in Mainz and Glasgow . He wrote his Phd thesis at the Max-Planck-Institut for Polymer Research .
LANG_ENG In our work team you &apos;ll find only the experienced programmers and analysts .
LANG_ENG The Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean surround Puerto Rico .
LANG_ENG The Agrade official who was responsible for gender issues in the directorate-general has left the post and there is no sign of a successor .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG Mr President , it is rare for the issue of rights and ethical standards to be brought up in a debate on mental health .
LANG_ENG Dog-eared documents or documents with coffee stains on them , missing documents or a collection of loose pages will very quickly result in the HR executive returning the application with a rejection letter .
LANG_ENG The propaganda campaign is being prepared by the powers and power elites which , in the various countries , support right-wing policies , attempting to escape referendums , except in Ireland , where it is compulsory .
LANG_ENG 2 straightforward tariffs at highly competitive prices for individuals and companies , in line with individual needs .
LANG_ENG This is the spirit in which the Council reached a political agreement on 20 April 2007 on a framework decision aimed at ensuring that racism and xenophobia are punishable in all Member States by effective , proportionate criminal penalties .
LANG_ENG It is important that the EU develop a strategy for Internet freedom .
LANG_ENG How much can I rent my property for ?
LANG_ENG Perhaps these words have passed me by; perhaps I have not heard them or not read them .
LANG_ENG On the other hand , each party is , of course , at liberty to go to the European Court of Justice , but we have no authority to decide on the matter .
LANG_ENG If we look at the Buenos Aires Plan of Action , they must be laid down within two years from now at COP VI .
LANG_ENG Surrounded by the unique landscape of Patagonia , Hotel La Aldea offers a tranquil environment and great views of Fitz Roy Hill . There is free internet and 24-hour reception .
LANG_ENG We need a rigorous and effective assessment of the quality of that protection , enabling a clear overview of the current situation as regards fundamental rights . Then we will be able to take decisions in this field .
LANG_ENG Therefore , do not be scared: Grub is better .
LANG_ENG The upcoming Linux Conference Australia (LCA) will host a miniature DebConf on January 20th and 21st , two days prior to LCA .
LANG_ENG We must use Community preference , the essential heart of Europe , to protect it .
LANG_ENG  (DE) Mr President , the annual conference of NAFO made amendments to the Ottawa Convention of 1 January 1979 .
LANG_ENG A comprehensive catalogue of ancient settlement sites should be reached by systematic surveys in the Wadi Hauran .
LANG_ENG In &#91; &#91; 2375 &#93; &#93; , Gul Seltan expressed some willingness to join &#91; &#91; Damar &#93; &#93; and the &#91; &#91; Cardassian Liberation Front &#93; &#93; .
LANG_ENG It is an amazing place , with state-of-the-art equipment which will tempt children and grown-ups alike and teach them about marine flora and fauna from the 5 continents .
LANG_ENG Transfer by motor boats from Murighiol to the floating hotel - Anastasia .
LANG_ENG .. Adventures in unforgettable mountain bike , a horse , walks with his family around the lake ...
LANG_ENG 25 cm (10 &quot;) woofer with air-dried cone and cone reinforcement .
LANG_ENG Nostalgic electronic music with strong bass , Hip Hop drum loops and melodic synths .
LANG_ENG We wish to create a framework for the non-discriminatory use of investment around the world .
LANG_ENG The man who is showing me round says the children have eaten all the peaches .
LANG_ENG Cool off in the outdoor pool before enjoying a delicious cocktail in the pool-side bar .
LANG_ENG In addition , the most fatal side effect of what is termed open coordination is that the only institution of the European Union to have any democratic legitimacy , namely Parliament , is completely sidelined .
LANG_ENG We cannot realise such ideals by opting for a voluntary system like EMAS .
LANG_ENG This can produce unpleasant effects , such as a hot , flushed face , nausea , headache , a fall in blood pressure , and palpitations .
LANG_ENG As you said yourself , it was clear from the start that a first-reading agreement was out of the question , but it is imperative that we reach an agreement by the end of the year .
LANG_ENG Between multicultural BBQs , Electro sounds , shared office spaces and Döner delis rampages a battle about the meaning of this legendary Kiez .
LANG_ENG Look at the refugees if you think that war and peace is not important for Europe &apos; .
LANG_ENG Rational Functional Tester enables you to record reliable , robust scripts that can be played back to validate new builds of a test application .
LANG_ENG Ideally located for families , business people , golfers and tourists in the heart of French speaking Brabant with only a 20 minute drive to Brussels .
LANG_ENG We need to stop dealing with cyberspace as if it were something outside our daily life , something separate .
LANG_ENG Arathor grew and prospered while the use of magic spread throughout the empire .
LANG_ENG The list could go on to include media censorship , keeping the nation in poverty , unlawful arrests , disappearances and torture .
LANG_ENG  (Know what you should use for cleaning , repair , gardening .
LANG_ENG SGL Group does not intend to update these forward-looking statements .
LANG_ENG When the incoming Presidency sets out its programme , it can often sound a little stale or bored and the reaction to it is also stale .
LANG_ENG But in trying to create this diversity , it also created niche markets , specialised consumer profiles , and an overall spectacle of " difference " - without effectuating much structural change .
LANG_ENG Wagrain boasts one of the best bike parks in all of Austria .
LANG_ENG In time of war we are also called to take on a prophetic role .
LANG_ENG We need a definition of nanomaterials and clear labelling .
LANG_ENG The village Lišice together with the settlement Račany reached population maximum by end of the 20ies last century when about 399 inhabitants were registered here .
LANG_ENG The Presbyterians were most decided against the Baptists and Methodists , and used all the powers of both reason and sophistry to prove their errors , or , at least , to make the people think they were in error .
LANG_ENG Nevertheless , while our internal market is now protected , can the same be said about the globalised market we are in ?
LANG_ENG We are all aware that undeclared work is the main attraction for the thousands of men and women who cross our borders every day in search of a decent job and a way to feed their families .
LANG_ENG can be found in the &apos; Converting to boolean &apos; section .
LANG_ENG &quot; and accordingly this solution weighs a mere 4,41 kg / m2 .
LANG_ENG Some people worry that Obama might be good for American soft power , but not for its hard power .
LANG_ENG That is why Parliament &apos;s call for national management declarations as an instrument to improve national accountability is more relevant than ever .
LANG_ENG At the moment 85 Photographers manage their projects by using fotorush ® .
LANG_ENG The application integrates with the most popular Web browsers today and includes a long list of functions to improve your experience significantly .
LANG_ENG You can name these lightboxes as you wish .
LANG_ENG For further information , please contact Ruth Reinicke , Marketing Manager Germany , via marketing @ vega.de or on + 49 (0) 2236 748-0 .
LANG_ENG There is also another question . Does this corruption inferred by Jarquín actually exist within the Nicaraguan government ?
LANG_ENG This is why I voted in favour of Parliament &apos;s resolution against war , and regret that a large proportion of the right wing opposed it .
LANG_ENG This produces a wine with generally more noticeable acidity which focus on minerality and purity .
LANG_ENG Firstly , because the democratization of European economic policy is more necessary than ever since the arrival of the third stage of monetary union .
LANG_ENG We have received a new DSLR of Olympus that , although not introducing something entirely new , should not be considered merely a simple successor to the E-510 .
LANG_ENG These could be promoted by providing healthy financing , as suggested in the Delors White Paper or as introduced on an experimental basis by the French government .
LANG_ENG Of the estimated 300,000 child soldiers worldwide , more than 30,000 are believed to be found in the Congo .
LANG_ENG As if this were not enough , we now have the reforms needed by the reform strategy , which amounts to a non-stop reform process .
LANG_ENG -1976 First jump from the P60 hill in Laajavuori (Jyväskylä).
LANG_ENG Current and historic data as well as climatological conditions are included in the detailed and precise location-based forecasts of all meteorological variables such as temperature , effective cloud cover , global radiation , wind and precipitation .
LANG_ENG It has been a very thought-provoking and thorough debate .
LANG_ENG It can thus create useful new air routes and a large number of new jobs .
LANG_ENG Commissioner , it is really commendable that , following the Fukushima accident , you responded promptly and initiated the idea of testing nuclear power plants and it is also good that the Member States have agreed to carry out these tests .
LANG_ENG But just what does society expect ?
LANG_ENG Second , the opening of the border crossings between Gaza and Israel and between Gaza and Egypt is absolutely essential to this .
LANG_ENG Obviously , no one computer will have every possible peripheral device , so the operating system may emit a few complaints while it looks for peripherals you don &apos;t own .
LANG_ENG The G20 leaders meeting in Seoul also asked the competent international organisations to improve information on stocks and production forecasts .
LANG_ENG In addition , potential purchasers should be aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from time to time .
LANG_ENG We are of course in favour of national rules on the transparency of tendering , provided they do not block opportunities to use public markets to boost the economic fabric and national SMEs , bearing in mind their size and importance .
LANG_ENG From the current French viewpoint , however , laws and regulations based on ethnicity are regarded as an unwelcome encroachment on the Republican ideal .
LANG_ENG italy apartment rental for ski holiday - carona , brembana valley , berg ...
LANG_ENG There is no kettle for us to boil water for our own consumption .
LANG_ENG The portmapper will be started on the workstation .
LANG_ENG Unless local democracies are confederated in a kind of confederal inclusive democracy , it is meaningless to talk about any reasonable allocation of resources .
LANG_ENG Nevertheless , we have to admit that , in the new Member States , such as Romania , operations still go ahead under disadvantageous conditions .
LANG_ENG che per le loro caratteristiche assolutamente innovative garantiscono la migliore distribuzione dei raggi UV e ottimizzano il rapporto potenza erogata - efficacia dell &apos;irradiazione , riducendo notevolmente i costi di esercizio Alla fine di ogni seduta il gruppo solare ritorna automaticamente nella posizione iniziale .
LANG_ENG PDF Annotator will be released in December 2004 .
LANG_ENG If you want , you can switch to displaying a single buffer on the screen .
LANG_ENG You speak of meetings that are not in fact on my work schedule because no one has requested such meetings .
LANG_ENG The medium size of our company enables us to respond very quickly to special customer requirements , particularly where new ideas and design strategies are called for and the considerable experience and imagination of our staff can be fully utilised .
LANG_ENG The aim is to make the customs procedures and controls more efficient .
LANG_ENG Save your 3D model as UZR , Macromedia Flash , and QuickTime files .
LANG_ENG German law applies to any disputes and claims resulting from use of the website .
LANG_ENG And while Europe busies itself with such decisions , the competitiveness of the global markets will mean investors simply move on .
LANG_ENG Assessment of muscle tone in patient R.
LANG_ENG We are all aware that the deep sea fishing fleet has rapidly increased in power and capacity .
LANG_ENG This is not a place to escape , more a pace to live your creativity .
LANG_ENG The Nobel Cult
LANG_ENG It is right in front of the Atlantic Ocean with views of the world famous Fastnet Lighthouse as well as a 4000 year old stone tomb .
LANG_ENG I remind you that it is a programme whose aim is to support the spread of literature , dramatic art and reference works by means of translation , to promote cooperation in the field of books , and to contribute to the better training of translators .
LANG_ENG Golf court , swimming lakes and a good variety of small museums can be found in the vicinity .
LANG_ENG 61 supporting struts of our facilities stand on glacial ice .
LANG_ENG Indeed its open-endedness , the way it is impossible for it to define an identitary &quot; we &quot; enables connections to other groups , especially in the context of &quot; Euromayday &quot; .
LANG_ENG Via XX Setiembre gives onto both the Palazzo Papini , which has housed the Prioria since 1966 , and the Municipal Palace , with it " s three tiered façade .
LANG_ENG Have you purchased one of our products and it does not completely correspond to your ideas , or do you want to have a graphic design functionally embedded into your website , or want to have your web site optimized for search engines onpage or offpage ?
LANG_ENG This is not a development to be welcomed .
LANG_ENG Council Directive 91 / 533 / EEC applies to every paid employee having a contract or employment relationship defined by the law in force in a Member State .
LANG_ENG At the times when people &apos;s faith and strength were tested every priest was carrying out his duties in the spirit of Jesus Christ &apos;s teaching .
LANG_ENG As I said in my reply , we intend to have a meeting with the Irish authorities about this matter .
LANG_ENG We use the information to improve our products and services .
LANG_ENG The city " s must-see attractions are only a 15-minute bicycle or tram ride away .
LANG_ENG The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
LANG_ENG This way , your evening can become a holiday .
LANG_ENG On top of that , unfortunately , the United Kingdom blocked the approval of the regulation by the General Affairs Council on 10 June for reasons well known to us .
LANG_ENG Simply think of the recent mass killings in Darfur , Sudan .
LANG_ENG The suspicions relating to adverse health effects on humans and other creatures arising from exposure to specific chemicals clearly need to be investigated by research scientists to gain additional essential information .
LANG_ENG Under the existing system , recruitment , pay and social insurance arrangements are agreed directly between an MEP &apos;s assistant and the Member appointing him or her .
LANG_ENG Operational specialises in the control and refinement of the complete process to achieve optimum drying efficiency .
LANG_ENG The staff was helpful; the location was convenient - almost in the heart in the city .
LANG_ENG It is not that the rules ever need to be used , maybe they will never be necessary , but it is important to have them as a democratic safeguard .
LANG_ENG Are you looking for a nursing table that can stand intensive usage and at the same time is a decorative piece of furniture ?
LANG_ENG The rustic , cosy rooms offer views of the beautiful mountain landscape .
LANG_ENG These men were convicted in Moscow Oblast , so they should also serve their sentences there , but after their show trial , which I witnessed myself , I do see a connection there .
LANG_ENG To translate this new framework into action , a major task for the Commission will be to help establish the European External Action Service - all this for 2009 , if all the timetables , as we hope , are respected .
LANG_ENG Alone , an impossible task , but together , we can do it !
LANG_ENG Ocster Backup Pro 4 can store the backups on an external hard disk , a network drive or on the specially secured Ocster Secure Storage .
LANG_ENG It is Mr Milosevic whose policies and presence prevent investment in his country , not those who are declining to invest while he is there .
LANG_ENG Back in 1974 , the sexual revolution was in full swing and the adult entertainment business was on the verge of becoming Big Business .
LANG_ENG This training must be validated by a diploma or title .
LANG_ENG Get the latest information about TEC-IT software products .
LANG_ENG All those who have known Saxon since the Eighties and followed their amazing development , the band never neglecting their typical trademarks , will love The Inner Sanctum .
LANG_ENG Note: If your root filesystem is JFS , you must add &quot; ro &quot; to the kernel line since JFS needs to replay its log before it allows read-write mounting .
LANG_ENG I am glad that the European Parliament has declared its support for adoption of this regulation by such a clear majority .
LANG_ENG I would not like to see that happening .
LANG_ENG Lovingly arranged flowers and candles , together with paintings from the region , music , pleasant fragrances and fresh colours , create a cosy atmosphere .
LANG_ENG We will continue to monitor this problem and continue to discuss it with the governments of the relevant Member States , as I have already been doing .
LANG_ENG You must print the attached Classictic E-Ticket and present it together with your ID-Card (such as Driver &apos;s License or Passport) at the entrance or box office , in order to attend the event .
LANG_ENG gshield -- Firewall script based on iptables .
LANG_ENG To sum up then: in this report we approve of the judgement of the European Court of Justice in the Foto-Frost case , in accordance with which national jurisdiction does not have the competence to declare the actions of Community institutions invalid .
LANG_ENG Her finds - as heterogeneous as they may seem at first glance - are all signs , de-signations of the complexity of identity .
LANG_ENG Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) account for around 99% of all EU businesses and make a key contribution to economic growth: as well as a source of jobs and wealth , they are particularly suitable vehicles for innovation .
LANG_ENG It has to use the auxiliary substances needed to meet the demands of consumers .
LANG_ENG The Card number has eight digits and is positioned below your name , while the account number has nine digits , contains a hyphen and is positioned at the foot of the card .
LANG_ENG I will finish by adding that the Council will closely follow the security situation in Chad and Western Darfur at all levels and also assess the consequences of this situation for the EUFOR mission .
LANG_ENG Article 1 lists the European Union &apos;s institutions .
LANG_ENG Such statements damage the relationship between politicians and the people , and if ever there was a time for politicians to demonstrate that they are listening , it is now .
LANG_ENG More than 80% of environmental damage is determined at the manufacturing stage of a product .
LANG_ENG The school or any person working for the school cannot be made liable for accidents or damage to personal property .
LANG_ENG The IMF should also be more proactive and speak with greater candor in systemically important countries , where shortcomings in financial supervision and crisis management have appeared . It should assist emerging economies in shaping sound domestic financial markets .
LANG_ENG Consumers will be misled in their choices , wine-growers will see their incomes collapse , and the industrialisation of the sector will lead to the loss of specialist know-how .
LANG_ENG Expenses and changes in configuration are entered directly into Spider Asset so that the subsequent cost account can be produced on a central data base .
LANG_ENG We received such assistance from the EU and the IMF .
LANG_ENG If you , Mr President , had intervened duly and heavily in reprimanding a colleague who so grossly and directly offended another MEP , the incident would probably never have happened .
LANG_ENG Red Cross centres have been shut down and those in need deprived of protection and humanitarian aid .
LANG_ENG To find out more about responsibility at Lufthansa , read the latest sustainability report Balance .
LANG_ENG Votes
LANG_ENG I expect the South African Government to take on its regional responsibilities . President Mbeki should adopt just as clear a stance as has the former President , Mr Mandela - whom we all hold in high esteem - on the events in Zimbabwe .
LANG_ENG The principal concern of the European Parliament - as has been repeatedly stated in this House - must be and has always been the achievement of a lasting and stable peace in the region .
LANG_ENG This report does not speak about the reliability of biometric data itself .
LANG_ENG Call phones and mobiles and activate voicemail .
LANG_ENG I want a strict enforcement of the Community control system with regard to third country vessels operating within EU waters .
LANG_ENG Given the time now , I expect that we will have a lot of votes to continue with after the speech by the President .
LANG_ENG We hope that this is a step forward .
LANG_ENG In Italy , Silvio Berlusconi " s government also appears tainted with right-wing populism and xenophobia .
LANG_ENG Surprisingly , Koizumi was almost successful .
LANG_ENG The first idea concerns the involvement of citizens in the debate on the future of Europe .
LANG_ENG More sensitive decisions would clearly require enhanced majorities .
LANG_ENG - Τhe next item is one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
LANG_ENG Far from the coast street in the spurs of the Taurus mountains lies Cirali and the neighbouring village Olympos .
LANG_ENG The large dining rooms , common rooms , and bedrooms are all scrupulously decorated to allow you spend unforgettable moments where relaxation and entertainment are guaranteed .
LANG_ENG Apart from elections , the constitution , as the supreme law in Ukraine , must guarantee the authorities &apos; balance and their reciprocal control .
LANG_ENG And you &apos;re probably going to need some assistance , as the alien crew isn &apos;t entirely happy with your presence and they &apos;re not about to make your escape easy .
LANG_ENG Every day , current events remind us of the fundamental role of research in social and economic progress and its essential contribution to growth , competitiveness , employment and the quality of life of our citizens .
LANG_ENG Place of defense: FACULTAD DE BELLAS ARTES .
LANG_ENG It also offers restaurants , swimming pools , an animation team , sport and children activities .
LANG_ENG In the case of a suppurating inflammation of the dental pulp , the pain will be a pulsating one .
LANG_ENG This collision was a grave warning and we should take note .
LANG_ENG I have been flexible , just as the Directive is flexible .
LANG_ENG Has it ever drawn attention to this group when discussing these issues with Turkey ?
LANG_ENG Have you already completed two semesters in a bachelor &apos;s degree programme or have you already passed your intermediate diploma / part one of your degree course ?
LANG_ENG Through these gestures , by means of this action , something that wasn " t part of day-to-day reality up to this point becomes itself a reality .
LANG_ENG There is a marked contrast here between the IDF and Hamas , the terrorist movement that is to blame for the Gaza operation .
LANG_ENG Mr President , there are two particularly important issues to be debated at the Helsinki Summit: Union enlargement and setting the IGC in motion .
LANG_ENG Subdirectories will appear with a folder icon next to them .
LANG_ENG At the top of the hill from where the thermal water flows , above the remains of a preceding Nuragic construction , stands the small ancient Church of S. Saturnino , perhaps one of the first to be built in Sardinia by the Pisans .
LANG_ENG We cannot confuse the different types of funds . The allocation of fund to the Balkans is quite a separate issue .
LANG_ENG We encourage you to put a copy of on every computer in your school or place of business .
LANG_ENG However , I am glad to see that Mr Elles is here , and so I will address my answers primarily to him , for he has asked a number of key questions .
LANG_ENG Additional blocks of named user licenses may be added to a VPN Hub at any time during operation .
LANG_ENG I believe we should not arrogate to ourselves the competence to regulate the way they use their time .
LANG_ENG The European Union strongly supports the progress made in the enlargement process but notes that major challenges remain in most of the countries concerned .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I should like to congratulate Mrs Dybkjær and commiserate with her because her group did not give her an actual draft directive to get her teeth into .
LANG_ENG Since the Lenny release , the volatile archive is enabled and used by default .
LANG_ENG With convenient transportation links , communication and various other advanced facilities , this hotel is a good choice f ...
LANG_ENG Of these , roughly one-quarter will die from hepB-related liver cancer or cirrhosis (a consequence of chronic liver disease).
LANG_ENG Success came with his First Quartet for Strings (1860), the overture Sakuntala (1865), the programmatic Rustic Wedding Symphony (1876) and The Queen of Sheba - the first and best of his six operas (1875).
LANG_ENG AVANZINI WILL PLAY IN THE EUROPA LEAGUE .
LANG_ENG Converted motorcycles , known as tuk-tuks or jumbos , are available in all major towns and cities and are perfect for shorter journeys around town .
LANG_ENG Many shopping opportunities and restaurants are in the immediate vicinity .
LANG_ENG Moreover , at least one of his pre-crisis columns flatly contradicts his view today that current - or even higher - levels of federal debt carry no risk whatsoever .
LANG_ENG They sell their products to Russia , Ukraine , Belarus , Lietuva , Latvia and Czech Republic .
LANG_ENG This article should help you to master this important element: Der Versammlungsstein - The Chain and Priority .
LANG_ENG Keeping the computer safe is vital to be able to perform the daily tasks at work , at home , in-school , etc .
LANG_ENG Through the window you have a beautiful view on the river Osterbek , a branch of the Alster .
LANG_ENG The result is a well-balanced overall concept  in a perfect harmony with your requirements .
LANG_ENG After I left him alone for some minutes he masturbates .
LANG_ENG The Federal Ministry of Education and Research has set up several telephone services on current topics such as training assistance and higher education employment legislation .
LANG_ENG This will encourage European countries with no tradition of social research , which are the very countries which face the worst development problems .
LANG_ENG This includes exact analyses of turnover , ROI and the shopping basket as well as precise numbers on visitor behaviour .
LANG_ENG If Windows Memory Diagnostic reports any errors , then one or more memory components is failing .
LANG_ENG Our pitches and mobile homes are designed to accommodate a maximum of 6 people , which includes children and babies; any additional people will be refused .
LANG_ENG use of the swimming pool , the " World of Masurian Saunas " and the gym during the whole stay .
LANG_ENG I can only point out that this amount equals 8.5% of the total damage suffered .
LANG_ENG Recently it has been carefully restored using the original materials and divided into two units .
LANG_ENG After rejecting this report , we now hope that the Stockholm Council , in March , will bring the Commission back into line .
LANG_ENG A short walk from all the points of interest .
LANG_ENG Apple iPod touch features Apple " s revolutionary Multi-Touch user interface , a gorgeous 3.5-inch widescreen glass display , Wi-Fi , Bluetooth , and a built-in accelerometer and speaker-all in an amazingly thin metal design that slips easily into your pocket .
LANG_ENG Be sure to install the evms package on your system with USE = static emerge evms2 before using this (genkernel) flag .
LANG_ENG The URL points to the login script so that it can be found from any exit point of Mapbender (sessions ran out of time , log off , no permission , etc .).
LANG_ENG Since my brother gave me a bicycle and my parents allowed me to ride further then the town &apos;s surroundings , I started discovering the Carpathians by bike , cycling from the northern part of the country , Bucovina , down to the Danube gorges in the south .
LANG_ENG Starting with PHP 5.0.0 there is a configuration check avoid such misconfigurations .
LANG_ENG Insofar as maintenance and inspection work is necessary , the customer must carry out that work at his own expense and in time .
LANG_ENG We have today voted in favour of Mr Böge " s report on the Interinstitutional Agreement on budgetary discipline .
LANG_ENG Finally , I support Parliament " s request to the European Commission that specific measures be proposed within the framework of protecting spa water .
LANG_ENG Among other things it is formed by individual qualities , encumbrances and conditions of lack .
LANG_ENG The Hotel Velká Klajdovka is situated in the immediate vicinity of Brno , in the heart of the Czech Republic .
LANG_ENG This new hotel is situated on a picturesque hill on the outskirts of the historical town of Perugia , and offers panoramic views from all of its room windows .
LANG_ENG Art Deco Hotel Montana is located in Lucerne just 70 kilometres from Zurich international Airport , about 70 minutes by car or train .
LANG_ENG Mr van Dam should go back and read my report because I neither criticised the Commission nor the fishermen .
LANG_ENG Biogas is produced by the anaerobic decay of the biomass , as a result of biological processes .
LANG_ENG China remains the champion , with a growth rate around 10% .
LANG_ENG The edit decision list (EDL) system allows you to automatically skip or mute sections of videos during playback , based on a movie specific EDL configuration file .
LANG_ENG On June 6th the Army operated to secure highway A 19 between the airport (where the ...
LANG_ENG The acoustic , multi-channel detection of partial discharges can also be combined with electrical partial discharge measurements .
LANG_ENG However , for lack of data , the years 1992 , 1993 and 1997 were excluded from the model in question .
LANG_ENG But , based on the continent " s economic performance over the past last 15 years , growth alone is unlikely to reduce poverty by more than 25% in the next ten years .
LANG_ENG A committee on the enforcement of the Erika I and Erika II directives would not be able to tell us these things or bring progress .
LANG_ENG Parliament &apos;s priorities for this budget may be considered to be the affirmation and strengthening of funding for education and innovation .
LANG_ENG I would ask you not to raise any more , as there is a second supplementary question .
LANG_ENG The common feature of these methods , the one real method of scientific inquiry , is that of elimination .
LANG_ENG I agree with the reiteration and the firmness , but at the same time I wanted to share with you the shame that I feel .
LANG_ENG Unfortunately , we have not been able to get him to explain it in this Parliament , although I have not given up hope that there will be full and open transparency here as well .
LANG_ENG I still feel that we are very much running behind the facts .
LANG_ENG This is directly linked to trade , as exports are often used to pay off foreign debts .
LANG_ENG Geographical position: Croatia extends from the foothills the Julian Alps in the north-west and the Pannonian Plain of in the east , over the Dinara mountain range in its central region , to the Adriatic coast in the south .
LANG_ENG This high quality material comes with a rosé and silver Puma cat design printed on the inside .
LANG_ENG In 1745 , when he was 16 , Cook left home to be apprenticed in a grocer y / haberdasher y in the fishing village of Staithes .
LANG_ENG The mild climate , the enchanting setting , the whirlwind of culture and sports , the ease of access , and the security are the principal qualities which make Monaco a prestigious destination for an unforgettable event .
LANG_ENG The three top camera models look especially striking thanks to a new Double-Layered Crystal Shell finish . In addition , all new Olympus FE budget digital cameras offer a new practical Auto Focus tracking feature which ensures that moving subjects are in focus at all times .
LANG_ENG you know an object &apos;s ID or position and you want to look up its data .
LANG_ENG In particular the issue of land use needs to be addressed .
LANG_ENG Staff Security: Controlling who among the Everest Affiliates staff have access to which pieces of information and maintaining an audit trail of access and data use .
LANG_ENG That could be a good time to write and publish a big book of Russia &apos;s unfulfilled international commitments .
LANG_ENG It is now up to the Council and our Member States to put democracy , human dignity and the rule of law back at the centre of proceedings and work to foster peace in the region .
LANG_ENG The proposal that we have on the table today - which is referred to as BONUS for short - aims to change this .
LANG_ENG In the same amendment , No 11 , the rapporteur also removes two categories proposed by the Commission , namely export credits and export credit guarantees .
LANG_ENG This increases people &apos; s tolerance and their willingness to cooperate and show solidarity .
LANG_ENG There are solutions which some people believe are good , and that is legitimate in democratic terms , and there are our solutions , which differ from those and which we believe are better .
LANG_ENG I shall refer to three factors that seem to me to be fundamental to achieving a strong network of enterprises .
LANG_ENG and on the Commission declaration on the fisheries agreement between the European Union and the Kingdom of Morocco .
LANG_ENG I do not want to hold the Turkish Government responsible for the country " s most popular reading matter turning out to be Hitler " s " Mein Kampf " - of all things - but you do have to wonder what is going on .
LANG_ENG We translate from German , Spanish and French into English , and we aim to strike the right tone every time .
LANG_ENG I personally am of the opinion that the economic crisis , revolutions in North Africa and now Fukushima have distracted attention from the fight against climate change .
LANG_ENG For employees to develop , they must be imbedded in a stimulating workplace , with new problems to solve , harder tasks to be mastered , added abilities to strive for .
LANG_ENG Spybot-S &amp; D 1.6.1 and 2.0 will recognize Firefox 2 vs. Firefox 3 using other criteria which should be less error-prone .
LANG_ENG Of course you &apos;re free to cancel the newsletter at any time .
LANG_ENG Being spacious and suffused with light , this apartment is the ideal location to retreat to after a busy day in one of the world &apos;s great metropolises .
LANG_ENG I can assure you that Greeks are neither nationalists nor expansionists .
LANG_ENG The existing 100,000 pages of legislation must be revised critically , and the main part must be eliminated or sent back to the member states .
LANG_ENG This proposal will remove barriers to trading for manufacturers and also help companies to remain in business and contribute to workers keeping their jobs .
LANG_ENG Staff was friendly and helpful . I was pleasantly surprised by the overall quality of the experience .
LANG_ENG It will provide for an entire increasement of your organism striking power and its resistance against stress results .
LANG_ENG In 1977 the production programme was spread by the Jacquard knitted fur (possibility of difficult designs and many colours), and later by the electronically directed Jacquard machines .
LANG_ENG Lastly , Mr President , the preparation of concrete objectives has already proved its worth .
LANG_ENG Our staff are trained regularly and are committed to data secrecy .
LANG_ENG By reading the incoming signal , it can thus recognise the particular satellite , determine the time taken by the signal to arrive and calculate the distance from the satellite .
LANG_ENG The high performance of the radar is largely due to the great number of transmitter and receiver modules in the aerial , which are made from special HF resistant materials and are developed and manufactured at the EADS Defence Electronics (DE) site in Ulm under clean-room conditions .
LANG_ENG Duplex for rent in Torremolinos (Málaga) 3 Floors - for rent to own - Ref .
LANG_ENG In addition to our core competence in passenger and freight transport , you have a large number of services to choose from .
LANG_ENG The powerful search engine permits interrogating the data base not only according to type , furthermore it &apos;s also possible to select components by the manufacturer , the case , the pin assignment and the voltage .
LANG_ENG The new Basic-Line series is designed to round off the bottom end of the versatile Mayer &amp; Cie. circular knitting machine range .
LANG_ENG The next item is the immediate comments .
LANG_ENG All animals are living beings , as I have already said , and that is why I should like , in retrospect , to thank Mrs Jeggle most sincerely once more for her report .
LANG_ENG The report brings a practical viewpoint to the debate on regional policy kindled by the Commission .
LANG_ENG Fiedler decided to return to Missoula . Shortly after his return to Montana , he wrote another article that made him the subject of controversy , Montana; or the End of Jean-Jaques Rousseau .
LANG_ENG If the licence key should be used on another system , the licence key must be removed from the configuration or the monitoring must be uninstalled .
LANG_ENG What is worrying about this is that in the Doha agreement both the EU and the United States promised the smaller countries that they would have access to our textile and agricultural markets .
LANG_ENG However , shifting the tax burden from labour to the use of raw materials and minerals is precisely what we need by way of a lasting contribution .
LANG_ENG They are all available as of PHP 5.3.0 .
LANG_ENG The Hotel is a few minutes away from the motorway tollbooth , after that take the Rimini Nord exit , and you reach the new trade fair complex of Rimini .
LANG_ENG Management is not obligated to disclose the criteria by which players are selected for such offers , nor to extend the offer to any player outside the chosen subset .
LANG_ENG Do I have to limit the length of the address ?
LANG_ENG From the nearby Mount Starnina you can enjoy an amazing view as , on clear days , the eye can reach the sparkling of the far sea .
LANG_ENG The function of the mixer stage is to convert the received rf energy to a lower , intermediate frequency (IF) that is easier to amplify and manipulate electronically .
LANG_ENG A return to sensibleness that makes her confront her own demon and ego , Wilpuck .
LANG_ENG It is a powder keg from a security point of view , a baby elephant economically speaking and mainly a source of concern from the point of view of human rights .
LANG_ENG In case you need to cancel your course or you want to change your course or accomodation , you have to inform the administration of Logos by writing by fax or email .
LANG_ENG To make your first step to your destiny please fill in the form of our agency .
LANG_ENG On your way you can stop at Mâcon , the rock of Solutré , the Touroparc , the Museum of guilds , or the hamlet of vine .
LANG_ENG &quot; We &apos;re never so vulnerable than when we trust someone - but paradoxically , if we cannot trust , neither can we find love or joy .
LANG_ENG Our Continental breakfast is served from 7.15 am until noon .
LANG_ENG But the Greek Cypriots voted against the plan because their leaders did not live up to the implicit deal with the EU to support it .
LANG_ENG Description The apartment is situated in Gdansk old town on the picturesque ul . Dluga in the centre of Gdansk and overlooks the Royal Way and the Golden Gate .
LANG_ENG Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , let me begin by expressing my special thanks to Mr Szenja , the rapporteur in the lead committee , for our close and fruitful cooperation .
LANG_ENG Instead , it is first down converted to the lower frequency of 630 kHz , and the complex nature of the PAL sub carrier means that the down conversion must be done via a superhet mixer to ensure that information is not lost .
LANG_ENG Downloading or copying the Schwarzsee Tourismus Website or parts thereof , confers no rights whatsoever in respect of the software or elements of the Schwarzsee Tourismus Website .
LANG_ENG It is extremely frustrating now for our citizens in Europe when people do a great deal of work to take part in a programme , only to be told that although they have an excellent project , they cannot take part for budgetary reasons .
LANG_ENG Hiking trails lead through an area with varied fauna and flora , ornate farmhouses and old trades such as wainwrights and shingle makers .
LANG_ENG But sport in general is given a high profile here , examples of which are the " Lausanne Marathon " and " Athletissima " , the international meeting for track and field athletics .
LANG_ENG If you already know not to Stu Maschwitz , it &apos;s time to do so .
LANG_ENG We are all in favour of the unification of the financial markets .
LANG_ENG The Commission recommends that Asset Recovery Offices be set up in the Member States , directly subject to EC legislation and administration .
LANG_ENG For Marx , they lacked a strategic farsightedness , an organizational ability of the proletarian standpoint .
LANG_ENG Doctor Web launched beta-testing of Dr.Web Enterprise Suite 6.0 .
LANG_ENG It is a long time since Question No 5 should have been called , and we started a great deal too late , not too early .
LANG_ENG ISOMALT GS  s molecular structure means pigments can be applied easily and uniformly and the strongest , brightest colours remain true .
LANG_ENG I think the reason why a cause , however small , large , ambiguous , or clearly not a success in terms of fundraising comes from the fact that there is &apos; no one who has come to do the work of a professional fundraiser .
LANG_ENG In terms of legislative logic you need to take the general regulation first , even though that involves only assent , and take the regulations thereafter .
LANG_ENG At a time of accelerating public debt and crisis , citizens have no sympathy for the fact that the European Union has so far not been able to tackle this problem successfully .
LANG_ENG Bavarian but since fifteen years he has been working successfully in Italy , the great pastry chef and maestro Ernst Knam wanted to investigate the area of cooking with beer .
LANG_ENG Photos from Esther17 , meshel , cindi miller herleman , notraces .
LANG_ENG Welcome to this year &apos;s 4th issue of DPN , the newsletter for the Debian community .
LANG_ENG Below you can find the other comments .
LANG_ENG That is the right way forward in my view .
LANG_ENG The rapporteur considers beyond all doubt that the ÅU has achieved such a level of democratic operation that taking recourse to any method other than democratic dialogue or settling conflicts through the channels provided should be made a criminal offence .
LANG_ENG We are always happy to assist with tips but would ask that you book these by yourself .
LANG_ENG At work , young Scorpios will have the opportunity to grow in their profession .
LANG_ENG Participate in these live 1-2 hour Web-based training courses to improve your knowledge on a variety of important topics . Check calendar for availability .
LANG_ENG The easy tracks that run through it will lead you to caves with Arawak paintings and a wide variety of vegetation typical of arid climates .
LANG_ENG Aula Hispánica is the only Spanish school in Aragon accredited by the Cervantes Institute for classroom courses .
LANG_ENG Just off junction 32 of the A14 and only 2 miles (3.2 km) from Cambridge &apos;s city centre , this modern hotel offers great value with free parking , air-conditioned rooms and an indoor pool .
LANG_ENG 1 set of ski or snowboard equipment per passenger may be transported free of charge .
LANG_ENG Here you will find everything regarding an attractive summer offer with free rides on the cable cars .
LANG_ENG Today , FKM is the European company with the most experience and the largest production capacity in its field .
LANG_ENG The hotel is just a pleasant 20-minute stroll along the scenic waterfront from the very heart of Derry .
LANG_ENG I would urge the Members dealing with this matter to declare a moratorium .
LANG_ENG Please be advised that we can only offer some documents in English or German .
LANG_ENG To remember , and who had no opportunity to see the article in the magazine , I put here a part of that article , my testimony .
LANG_ENG Even if the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is a demonstration version , it is protected by copyright laws and international copyright agreements , as well as other intellectual property laws and agreements .
LANG_ENG Nevertheless , the European Union has performed well .
LANG_ENG In response to the question about whom he would like to dress , Jakub &apos;s eyes begin to sparkle .
LANG_ENG My support for capital punishment would weaken greatly if the rate of killing innocent people were as large as that claimed by many .
LANG_ENG In addition GEA Group has a sponsored level I ADR program in the USA .
LANG_ENG You can perfectly relax in our spacious wellness and beauty department with hay and fango baths , classical massages and even body and anti-stress treatments .
LANG_ENG Buzzword for the interactive internet applications that facilitate information sharing and collaboration on the World Wide Web .
LANG_ENG With a station of the newly opened skytrain located in the front of the hotel , The Landmark Bangkok is conveniently linked to the city &apos;s main commercial district and many of its leading tourist attractions .
LANG_ENG CSS-Directives are not directly integrated to the HTML-Code . This means design and structure are separated from each other .
LANG_ENG Practical hard-top lifts for convertible models and a variety of extras such as luggage nets or cool bags complete the BMW transportation &amp; luggage accessories range .
LANG_ENG If Pakistan is allowed to join the ranks of those countries that enjoy preferential tariff rates - in other words , if it is to be included in the so-called &apos; GSP + &apos; list - then the matter could be said to have resolved itself .
LANG_ENG This can lead to crashes when using ncurses applications in large windows .
LANG_ENG The Commission proposes a complete reform of the CAP and structural policy limited , for budgetary reasons , to 1.27% of the GNP of Member States .
LANG_ENG Never before has the Commission been so weak in terms of proposals on human rights and democracy throughout the world , as demonstrated , for example , by the refusal to deploy the democracy clause that Parliament voted on two years ago .
LANG_ENG Up till 1939 it used to be the resort of European importance , described in prewar catalogues under the name Lubin Wielki .
LANG_ENG Tutte le camere sono dotate di aria condizionata , TV color , telefono diretto , asciugacapelli , cassaforte , balconi (anche vista mare), box doccia e letti ortopedici .
LANG_ENG The courtyard and many premises let guests discover arts in a various ways .
LANG_ENG Make $ 10,000 $ Per Month With The Maverick Money Makers Club ...
LANG_ENG Do your part keeping your machine clean and safe ..
LANG_ENG  (DE) Mr President , Commissioner , we are nearing the time of fervent prayers in light of today &apos;s news , once again concerning the euro , for which we are grateful .
LANG_ENG I call on the Vietnamese authorities to release all political and religious prisoners and I am asking the government to take the necessary steps to ensure that the elections which will take place in July are free and fair .
LANG_ENG Both of these are forms of recycling .
LANG_ENG Voting against Amendment 28 will preserve the possibility of this ban .
LANG_ENG In his new position he will continue his responsibility for the Volkswagen account while working with Heike Albig , the unit " s creative director , for such clients as the Berlin Transit Authority , Henkel , the Berlin-Brandenburg Transit Association , CT Pharmaceuticals and Conrad Electronics .
LANG_ENG The viewer as the individuals in the drama themselves always seems to be submitted to a certain passivity .
LANG_ENG For the sixth time already , sports enthusiasts can take part in the large number of indoor cycling training units offered at the FIBOevent activity zone and even meet the challenge of a 4-hour marathon on Sunday .
LANG_ENG In my view it is right and important for Europe to smooth the transition from work and working age to non-working age , during which people are just as entitled to learn and to be educated .
LANG_ENG At the onset of the development round , most developing countries worried not only that the EU and the US would renege on their promises (which they have in large part), but also that the resulting agreement would once again make them worse off .
LANG_ENG It goes without saying that the first one will not be as far-reaching as the second one , or at least not be as critical .
LANG_ENG Secondly , I underline the Commission &apos;s strong commitment to the need to respect the target of a political agreement by June 2005 and the adoption of legislative proposals by the end of that year .
LANG_ENG A total of 22,300 units were registered last month , 12 per cent more commercial vehicles than in May last year .
LANG_ENG In comparison with other candidate countries , this puts Iceland ahead of the competition .
LANG_ENG on behalf of the ALDE Group . - Madam President , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur Carl Schlyter , and the shadow rapporteurs , on the very thorough and professional work that they have done on this dossier .
LANG_ENG A second reason is that this report leads to more bureaucracy , while we in Europe need less of it .
LANG_ENG Review for Lia Wolf from 22 .
LANG_ENG The debate is closed .
LANG_ENG In 1965 &apos;s Von Ryan &apos;s Express , Sinatra added dimensionality to a World War II action role .
LANG_ENG This Certificate confirm our activities in combined transport , container terminal services , transport operator and freight forwarder according to Internal Control System standards .
LANG_ENG Let us not forget that the initial budget came to EUR 740 million and the amount adopted today only comes to EUR 400 million , which means a 46% reduction .
LANG_ENG Below you find reviews that guests wrote about their stay in Jardins de Paris Montparnasse , based on personal experiences .
LANG_ENG Following insolvency proceedings at V-Cubed , Gardasoft is continuing the British lighting manufacturer &apos;s product lines .
LANG_ENG To the end means until our final report , which we are presently compiling , is submitted .
LANG_ENG Plastic electronic is represented by Philipp Weissel and Andreas Tanda in the HolstCenter and look forward to interesting conversations in the context of the Dutch Design Week .
LANG_ENG Subject: The European Court of Auditors
LANG_ENG All 207 rooms have a shower / WC , satellite TV and direct telephone line .
LANG_ENG For the third time under the ZOW umbrella , the special E3S exhibit on solid surfaces and engineered stone demonstrated new possibilities for working with these types of composite materials and in particular for craftsmen and interior designers .
LANG_ENG Regarding the procedure , at the risk of sounding repetitive , I would like to assure the Commissioner , on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , that all the work carried out has not been in vain .
LANG_ENG I want to stress how important it is that persons who for reasons of conscience refuse to perform military service are not subjected to imprisonment or any other penalty .
LANG_ENG You can buy as many blocks as you like .
LANG_ENG I would like to thank Mr Battilocchio for the opinion he gave on behalf of the Committee on Development .
LANG_ENG The town of Komiža has a library named after the famous croatian writer Ranko Marinković , who was born on the island Vis .
LANG_ENG In order to guarantee in the future that the adaptation to the technical progress of Annex I of the ADN Agreement - and also of the directive - is in line with the Rhine requirements , the Commission could accept an explicit reference in Article 8 .
LANG_ENG In 1114 Majorca was conquered by the Catalans , yet the Arabs came back after one year and stayed until the end of 1229 , when the Catalans under the young Jaume I , Earl of Barcelona , definitely re-conquered the island .
LANG_ENG However , in actual fact , I think that the battle has been lost , at least this year .
LANG_ENG Finally , thanks to IMF involvement , even less advanced countries would be able to take advantage of the best international expertise to address the problem .
LANG_ENG The quarter , in which the hotel is located is called El Arenal and is known for its diversity of typical restaurants offering the unique sevillian tapas experience .
LANG_ENG Group: Services of language translation (239) Full list ...
LANG_ENG Marco fa vedere come balla , molto acrobata .... Michele dice che va bene non è una sfida molto equa perché sono due ballerini con stili completamente diversi .
LANG_ENG I am , however , concerned about one item in the report and would gladly have voted against that particular item .
LANG_ENG Secondly , the energy liberalisation sceptics have been impressively routed .
LANG_ENG In last year &apos;s communication on the functioning of the food supply chain in Europe , you were highly critical of the power of demand , but now you seem to view this very positively .
LANG_ENG Event 1 to 3 of 3 .
LANG_ENG The first task is undoubtedly to convert the existing cooperation agreements into association agreements .
LANG_ENG The Scythe could be mistaken for a human being at a distance .
LANG_ENG As the European Union intends to become an information-based economy and society , information technologies represent an innovative answer to this situation and the involvement of the European community in the relevant programmes is more than necessary .
LANG_ENG Subscribe to the Cesarini Sforza Newsletter to be kept up to date with the latest Events and News !
LANG_ENG Asked what the intention behind the project was , he replied: &quot; There were no reasons steeped in art history .
LANG_ENG Very under-rated in the review we previous read about this hotel . It is a pure gem and I can &apos;t say enough good things about it .
LANG_ENG Let us remember the discussions over many months with some extreme accusations by one side against the other and vice versa .
LANG_ENG The objectives we draw up for the European Union are ones which , after Johannesburg too , we shall of course have to comply with and continue to work on .
LANG_ENG The daguerreotype looks quite well , that &apos;s why our restoration job will not require much effort: we will remove a few scratches and reconstruct the worn out corners of the photo .
LANG_ENG My question was: who gave the Commission the information used as the basis for the proposal for a 40% cut in Portuguese sardine catches ?
LANG_ENG If people pay me in lire , will I have to give them their change in euro ?
LANG_ENG I would like to focus on two issues: firstly , the increasing economic importance of football , which has led to an increase in the value of television rights .
LANG_ENG Our Europe was with Thomas Mann , with Albert Einstein , perhaps with Marlene Dietrich; it was with Don Luigi Sturzo , with Gaetano Salvemini , with Enrico Fermi .
LANG_ENG She will explain and demonstrate tricks and tips from her many years of experience .
LANG_ENG An expanded sound collection connects you to an immense number of instruments , and the new Authentic Expression Technology (AET) is at the cutting-edge of dynamic and true instrument simulation .
LANG_ENG I really believe that if we , as the European Parliament and the European Union , want to have an influence in this specific matter then having an across-the-board agreement on the principles of such a position is very important .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG The regulation has since been annulled by the Court of Justice in a judgment handed down on 1 June 1994 after proceedings had been instituted by Parliament itself .
LANG_ENG Star Trek was later informally dubbed The Original Series , or TOS , after several spinoffs aired . The show lasted three seasons until canceled in 1969 .
LANG_ENG Similarly , difficult kanji such as 癌 gan , &quot; cancer &quot; , are often written in katakana or hiragana .
LANG_ENG The jurisdiction has now implemented 98.4% of EU directives into domestic law .
LANG_ENG Shopping is fun - directly from the farm !
LANG_ENG I couldn &apos;t find a screen good looking and effective enough to meet my needs , so over a couple of weeks I worked up a prototype .
LANG_ENG Production capacity at the plant , where about 100 people are employed , ideally complements the structure of COMPO needs related to the production of COMPO SANA potting soils .
LANG_ENG The Stability Pact was good , the bad thing was that it was not complied with .
LANG_ENG The company has positioned itself as an electronics specialist for the textile industry as well as a textile specialist for the electronics industry .
LANG_ENG Trade and capital traffic without brakes may not intend the character of Europe , but a high standard of the social and personal rights and freedoms for all humans .
LANG_ENG 2002 saw appearing Futuro Antico III , with the collaboration of the ensemble Scintilledimusica , directed by FrancescaTorelli .
LANG_ENG Every day , OLAF is having to deal with an increasing number of problems .
LANG_ENG In the spring or summer of this year , this issue was thoroughly debated in Parliament , and the resolution adopted to wind up the debate once again called on the Commission to redeem the promises made to the new Member States during the accession negotiations .
LANG_ENG Booking.com: Sol Barra Hotel , Salvador (Bahia), Brazil - 40 Guest reviews .
LANG_ENG The proposals for animation and entertainment for young visitors are endless and full of imagination , not only in hotels but also on the lively beach of Bibione .
LANG_ENG It is a very nice place and the only inconvenient that you can run through is the heat in summer time .
LANG_ENG I shall ask the Council to do likewise , particularly Mr Solana , the European Union High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy .
LANG_ENG DemandGen Europe , thanks to many years of experience , is able to plan , implement and analyze professional , multi-level email campaigns .
LANG_ENG Yes . The Cargobike is designed to withstand wind and weather .
LANG_ENG In the case of borders between countries , there is a custom of leaving a strip of land unused , wherever possible , on both sides of the border; this custom is also observed in the case of highly guarded ceasefire lines .
LANG_ENG To use 40% of the budget on this sector is perhaps a little excessive .
LANG_ENG However , I should like to make one remark in connection with this .
LANG_ENG Suddenly movement is there , suddenly transparency is there , suddenly an effort by the Commission can be recognized .
LANG_ENG For CHF 1.00 / unit , you can purchase an unlimited amount of free entrance tickets and special price tickets as well as exhibition journals , flyer and stickers to draw attention to your presence at the fair and invite your customers by direct mailings .
LANG_ENG Turkey , Syria and Iraq , which lie on the Euphrates and Tigris , are trying to control the water from these two rivers .
LANG_ENG Horux is a solution that is designed to be simple to use .
LANG_ENG According to this evaluation , and in line with the trends of recent years , there has been a reduction in the reference tonnage .
LANG_ENG In the 80 " s of the past century RAVAS was a pioneer in the field of hand pallet truck scales .
LANG_ENG The Commission must be a capable participant in the work undertaken by these associations .
LANG_ENG First of all we are highlighting the need for increased interinstitutional coherence , to find ways of improving coordination among the different EU institutions (the Council , the Commission and Parliament).
LANG_ENG Instead of a development strategy , there was simply an expansion of the anti-corruption agenda initiated by his predecessor , James Wolfensohn .
LANG_ENG Open the .ZIP file and extract the two files (.BIN and .VER) to your USB drive &apos;s main directory .
LANG_ENG Posted by Ricardo F on Thursday , July 23 , 2009 .
LANG_ENG It does not limit the use of the other 2 000 or so chemicals used in cigarettes .
LANG_ENG The initial steps were taken in November 2000 when the Council , in accordance with the Tampere Conclusions , adopted a programme of measures to implement the principle of mutual recognition of decisions in criminal matters .
LANG_ENG Added custom ini file mode . This is especially useful for SAP consultants or users working for several companies .
LANG_ENG UHS-1 stands for Ultra-High Speed Bus 1 , which is the new architecture of SDXC .
LANG_ENG Frederick had A10 and MrGerin AK - the river went in favour of Ferderick with a 10 .
LANG_ENG After having completed the extension to the International School of Luxembourg in Luxembourg-Merl in record time , Paul Wurth was entrusted with the project management and technical assistance for the construction of the 2nd European School at Bertrange / Mamer , the biggest school project ever undertaken in Luxembourg .
LANG_ENG WuInstall / reboot just reboots the system , without doing anything else .
LANG_ENG Lumber / Equipment for primary woodworking / Round lumber ...
LANG_ENG Those found responsible will also be liable for damages in respect of the Commission .
LANG_ENG Only through the adoption of a global and coordinated approach between Community policies and national policies , namely in the areas of cohesion , agriculture and transport , will we be able to outline a strategy that conveys a long-term vision .
LANG_ENG We have water show installations with pump-controlled effects (pump working = effect on) or our new valve-controlled installations that are equipped with few , but efficient pumps and able to route the full achievement via valves into the wanted effect .
LANG_ENG If you do not have one , you can create it on the same page .
LANG_ENG We have continued our lead and sought to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol will take effect .
LANG_ENG But Mao kept sending them contradictory orders; the result was that they could neither fight nor retreat .
LANG_ENG No wonder Mugabe takes none of this seriously .
LANG_ENG The Salotto delle Mongolfiere , where the breakfast is served , is on the top floor of the hotel and has a beautiful view on Via Veneto; it is the ideal place to enjoy one of the most spectacular landscapes of the Eternal City .
LANG_ENG At the end of the day , my view is that whilst this is an unusual ruling , it has to be looked at on an individual basis and in a limited application .
LANG_ENG These analyses were carried out in accordance with the EN 71-3 standard .
LANG_ENG Lie back , relax and let our staff pamper you with some of the most luxurious treatments around .
LANG_ENG Thank you very much .
LANG_ENG Whilst it is correct that the EU should strengthen its common foreign and security policy , it is not Britain &apos;s position that the CFSP should be communitized .
LANG_ENG Private parking is possible on site (reservation is needed) and costs CHF 15.00 per day .
LANG_ENG Certain things were said which cannot go without criticism; when Europe &apos;s borders are at issue , anyone who simply casts doubt on everything done at Yalta and Potsdam , should know what he is doing .
LANG_ENG Often the question even there the say , but every hard disk has a duration that , though it may be more or less long , is still limited in time .
LANG_ENG The lucky person who can boast that the first ever operation GoldenGroup.pl commission was charged with his command of the user login information is &quot; Lech &quot; .
LANG_ENG These analyses are provided by statistik.sparkasse.de.
LANG_ENG  (DE) Mr President , Commissioner , President-in-Office of the Council , Mr Onyszkiewicz has spoken very lucidly on the importance of human rights in cooperation with Russia , for which I thank him .
LANG_ENG It is important to have this ongoing debate in our Member States and for us to see the need for child care so that this development might get under way .
LANG_ENG VEHICO steering robot CS1200 - &apos; discover the possibilities &apos; ! . The use of a steering robot has never been easier .
LANG_ENG We are absolutely committed to keep cheaters away from our site , so that our players can enjoy their games at Titan Poker reassured in the knowledge that their play is backed by fairness and total integrity .
LANG_ENG We are endeavouring to put research and development centre-stage in this &apos; EnergyLand &apos; and , in the area of education and training , to make these new methods and new funding possibilities known to the wider public and , especially , to the business world .
LANG_ENG This will be a temptation this time around as well .
LANG_ENG I would like to emphasise several fundamental values .
LANG_ENG Turkmenistan " s president , Gurbanguly Berdymukhamedov , has repeatedly and publicly announced his reformist intentions .
LANG_ENG They are spacious (approx . 50 m2), comfortable and modern .
LANG_ENG From the UK , it may be an idea to take a ferry to Denmark and then hitch down rather than going via Holland .
LANG_ENG Something of the kind must be done for non-Lomé countries too .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I will be happy to answer the honourable member &apos; s new question , which concerns UNDCP funding .
LANG_ENG In the age of Web2.0 , self-regulation among the users as well as user governance has become an integrated element of our participation in the online world .
LANG_ENG Individually crafted , traditionally designed and industry proven .
LANG_ENG There are sufficient rules internationally to address the situation .
LANG_ENG The report &apos; sets the principle of legislative excellence as a priority &apos; .
LANG_ENG The strong link between the insurgency and the drug economy hardly comes as a surprise .
LANG_ENG Jürg Läderach , the founder " s son , now heads the independent business in its second generation , producing a wide range of pralines , truffles , petite pastries , confectionery and seasonal specialities as well as semi-finished convenience products for a discerning clientele .
LANG_ENG The effectiveness of this instrument has not been demonstrated , and the modulation of transport flows creates problems for current and future financial planning because the charges are shifting and changing all the time .
LANG_ENG A beautiful recommended weekly schedule is at your disposal .
LANG_ENG Mr President , we need three parties to the agreement: the Commission , Parliament and the Council .
LANG_ENG Irish banks reportedly need an additional € 24 billion to stay afloat .
LANG_ENG We will take the time to inform you comprehensively and coherent about our products .
LANG_ENG Select Use automatic proxy configuration script checkbox .
LANG_ENG What is a trouble ticket in the OTRS ?
LANG_ENG Portugal is 900 years old , and even though it has a relatively small area , it played a crucial role in world history .
LANG_ENG The Dutch Jobs Miracle
LANG_ENG Ships for every purpose - designed by experienced naval Architects .
LANG_ENG I would like to stress that the road to maximising the benefit of dialogue lies in tightening up cooperation , especially where the Union decision-making triangle is concerned .
LANG_ENG In external staircases , the influence of the atmospheric factors such as: humidity , rain and ice are important to take into account .
LANG_ENG These are the considerations with regard to the proposal .
LANG_ENG Main products are CAROBRONZE ® -plain bearing bushes and -plain bearings and maintenance free CAROPLUS ® -bearings with self-lubricating , produced on most modern CNC machines .
LANG_ENG Ideally , to be drunk with friends on summer nights .
LANG_ENG Input from users is welcome , but if you want stability use Hiroyuki &apos;s stable branch .
LANG_ENG Bo dismissed one of his accusers as having " sold his soul . "
LANG_ENG In fulfilling this task , I also see the opportunity for a positive contribution from High Representative Baroness Ashton and the European External Action Service , which could greatly strengthen the role of the EU in implementing this important resolution .
LANG_ENG Original lyrics included , plus background info about the artists .
LANG_ENG Therefore , it is a case of producing more while polluting less: this is the difficult objective that European agriculture will have to fulfil over the next few years .
LANG_ENG We must finally resolve to give effective support to those forces existing in Serbia - we have seen them here ourselves on occasion .
LANG_ENG The choice of food is of a very high quality and cultural life is full of events all year around .
LANG_ENG We will update or correct personally identifiable information in our possession that you have previously submitted via this site .
LANG_ENG In these circumstances , it is important that Parliament reiterates its appeal to the Council and to European Union Member States to maintain and increase the pressure on the Iranian regime on human rights issues .
LANG_ENG It is worth emphasising that the Lisbon Strategy is just such a transitional and temporary policy .
LANG_ENG Cariló The golf course was built in two stages , the first nine holes were built around 1970 by Thomas Sanderson (with a marked English design), the second nine holes were inaugurated in ...
LANG_ENG I think that the European Union has provided a good example of good , reasonable proposals for these countries that have until now been the most marginal players , the most marginal beneficiaries of the WTO - the poor countries .
LANG_ENG Since democratic society is made up of personal restrictions and personal abdications , I would like us to consider one question: how much individual freedom must we surrender in order to guarantee fundamental rights , freedoms and collective security ?
LANG_ENG Applications for membership
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Principessa Tea .
LANG_ENG Hundreds of Serb Orthodox churches , monasteries , and holy sites in Kosovo attest to this .
LANG_ENG But with regard to the first three months , as long as there is restructuring in a general way then the entitlement would apply .
LANG_ENG Mr President , while this report seems to remove references to specific sanctions , it does make reference to what actions should be considered criminal activity within Member States .
LANG_ENG Finally , on the political aspect , I believe that the only solution to the crisis in Zaire lies through dialogue and direct negotiation between the government in Kinshasa and the democratic alliance for the liberation of Congo-Zaire .
LANG_ENG The Commission would also mention that the Alevi community experiences difficulties in terms of recognition of places of worship , representation in relevant state bodies as well as in compulsory religious education .
LANG_ENG I want to inform honourable Members that on 7 November , just a week ago , when we discussed it for the first time in the Ecofin Council , three Member States - Germany , the Czech Republic and Lithuania - opposed the proposal .
LANG_ENG This attack makes your blog so completely &quot; broken &quot; and addresses no longer work .
LANG_ENG If we , in Europe , do not succeed in daring to start anew with fair requirements , then we will end up exactly where we do not want to be , namely with protectionism and with a repeat of 1933 and subsequent years in Europe .
LANG_ENG All suites contain a living area , a bedroom , a bathroom , a working area , a dressing area , 2 telephones , 2 cable TVs , a minibar and a microwave oven .
LANG_ENG We must also consider the role that the European Union has to play on the international scene with regard to the food problem .
LANG_ENG This discontent was expressed in February &apos; s referendum on the constitution , which was the first time that the Presidential party had lost an election since independence in 1980 .
LANG_ENG A: Yes , AND Phone Group is working with the Cisco Communications Manager IP PBX in versions 4.x and above .
LANG_ENG The food was absolutely first class .
LANG_ENG It would be interesting if we had a briefing on this matter , as farming is going through a critical phase and we have debated these problems on several occasions , both last week and this .
LANG_ENG At various points evidence during the period suggested that Heisenberg deliberately was steering German &apos;s research efforts toward developing nuclear energy , rather than nuclear weapons . Some evidence suggests that Heisenberg attempted to communicate these views to the Allies .
LANG_ENG That was not good enough then .
LANG_ENG on behalf of the PSE Group . - (DE) Mr President , I regret that it is not possible to hold the vote tomorrow , as several representatives of the Roma have planned to attend , thinking the vote was scheduled for then .
LANG_ENG We remain , however , open to any positive changes in the technology in this field .
LANG_ENG Tens of millions of Europeans will travel this summer .
LANG_ENG Similarities or equivalents are to be found in numerous solutions , including institutional solutions , functional solutions and solutions in the areas of simplification , the adoption of decisions and an increased role for the national parliaments and the European Parliament .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG Even when its energy dependence on the Middle East was at its peak , the US rarely altered its policy of support for Israel .
LANG_ENG . (FR) Where European Union law exists , the Member States , who are supposed to enforce it , ride roughshod over it .
LANG_ENG Diclofenac may also be used for purposes other than those listed in this medication guide .
LANG_ENG The impressive dominance of heavily used Xacobeo at the top of the Spanish list stamped the July proof in the country that won the Soccer World Cup last Sunday .
LANG_ENG We will therefore be asking for additional funding , which is also what the members of the Council , the individual Member States , will say that they want when asked individually .
LANG_ENG Only zero tolerance works .
LANG_ENG Before starting oil extraction and making plans for the construction of pipelines in the Baltic Sea , we should consider the environmental issues .
LANG_ENG For all of these reasons , the non-attached Members believe that it is right to reassess the situation and are therefore calling for the directive to be referred back to committee .
LANG_ENG DERMOT HYDE hails from a musical family , with both his mother - from Malin Head in Co Donegal , and his father playing musical instruments .
LANG_ENG I would like to highlight the directive establishing the minimum rules for the acceptance of asylum seekers in the Member States .
LANG_ENG The mere mention of trademarks does not exclude the rights of third parties .
LANG_ENG The provision of medicines , herbal or otherwise , cannot take place in an unregulated environment .
LANG_ENG The same can be said for the Agreement between the European Union and the Government of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam on air services .
LANG_ENG Where such declarations cover future technical guidelines and the inclusion of active substances in Annex 1 , they can perhaps be tolerated .
LANG_ENG He is driving out the Albanians who live there because , allegedly , it is the cradle of the Serbian nation and because it is rich in natural resources .
LANG_ENG ABRISO France , founded in 1994 , is located in Saint-Rambert D &apos; Albon (60 km from Lyon).
LANG_ENG The Commission has held a series of consultation meetings and exchanges of views since June 2004 .
LANG_ENG For the companies , having placed their representation at the portal IBCS , there is a function of V-card creation provided , possibility to copy a presentation to a CD .
LANG_ENG That rapidly depleted its modest foreign-exchange reserves , triggering a severe financial crisis in 1991 , which in turn compelled India to embark on radical economic reforms that laid the foundations for its economic rise .
LANG_ENG This is a very sensitive area of policy .
LANG_ENG Nor do I accept that one in five of our young children cannot read properly .
LANG_ENG The key message is that excluding millions of EU citizens from economic and social life is not smart , is not sustainable and is certainly not inclusive .
LANG_ENG Please call or email if you are seeking a private room .
LANG_ENG In the following table you will find the distributions to the shareholders of the last 15 years .
LANG_ENG Our portfolio furthermore includes Sales Force Automation solutions based on Microsoft Dynamics CRM (WÜRTHPHOENIX Speedy +), collaboration tools (Microsoft SharePoint), as well as virtualization and consulting services for your business aligned IT strategy .
LANG_ENG Anytime you partition your disk , you run a risk of losing everything on the disk , no matter what program you use to do it .
LANG_ENG It is a very serious concern and you will know the enormous impact this will have on the fears of the European people about their public health and consumer safety .
LANG_ENG The cost of the new building is unjustifiable .
LANG_ENG In conclusion , we all agree that breast cancer has to be tackled and best practice examples show that significant results can be achieved .
LANG_ENG ) Failure to apply will result in rapid resoiling of the unprotected fabric .
LANG_ENG Thirdly: the further dismantling of monopolies .
LANG_ENG The price always includes a traditional and tasty breakfast . Lunch and dinner to order .
LANG_ENG UpdateStar simplifies your software life . It offers you an automated and complete one-stop information place for your complete software setup .
LANG_ENG For this , we need larger budgets , as everyone will agree , but also priorities in our actions , a proposal with which I also agree .
LANG_ENG The Museum is really unique both for its trophies and its historic pictures .
LANG_ENG BNFL were present at a hearing in the European Parliament in April and had to confirm under cross-examination from me that emissions were currently rising from Sellafield .
LANG_ENG All the social classes did participate in the Revolution of Timisoara .
LANG_ENG But the European " coal and steel union " became possible only after Europe " s major political conflicts were resolved .
LANG_ENG A credit card is required to secure your reservation at St Michaels Inn in St Andrews .
LANG_ENG The legacy of Nice is not a good legacy .
LANG_ENG Earlier this year I took the initiative of sending NATO a set of concrete measures to reinforce EU-NATO cooperation .
LANG_ENG The leading name in luxury wristwatches , Rolex has been the pre-eminent symbol of performance and prestige for over a century .
LANG_ENG The ISO (International Organization of Standardization) issues country codes , either in the form of a 3-digit numerical code , a 2-digit numerical code or an alpha code .
LANG_ENG Further it raises concerns about the preservation of the sovereignty of Member States .
LANG_ENG A lot still remains to be done in the area of implementation , and those Member States who are behind schedule need to make extra efforts .
LANG_ENG What factors must we take into account while choosing a fertility treatment ?
LANG_ENG But , thankfully , for anyone with persistence and a modicum of computer skill , the Internet leaks like a sieve .
LANG_ENG The business partners from the trade newspapers CHEManager and Management &amp; Krankenhaus , Airport Safety Security Service and the trade journal GIT Sicherheit + Management .
LANG_ENG This is , above all , of great importance for young patients suffering from serious illnesses such as cancer or disorders of the immune system .
LANG_ENG Consequently , conventional seed lots will contain traces of GM seeds .
LANG_ENG This article is not yet available in English .
LANG_ENG The debate is closed .
LANG_ENG In 1873 , the Fund-owners , Assicurazioni Generali , charged the engineer Eugenio Geiringer with the rebuilding of what became the &quot; Hotel Garni &quot; .
LANG_ENG Get the Games Arcade with over 300 games , including Table Tennis Tournament It Automatically updates every week !
LANG_ENG The surface of the concrete elements is free of air inclusions and limestone edges , lending it a high-quality appearance .
LANG_ENG in writing . - The situation in Burma has come to a critical juncture .
LANG_ENG The seat must be designed to be secured by means of a normal aircraft single lap strap and face the same direction as the passenger seat on which it is positioned .
LANG_ENG This is the original whisky . It consists of pure barley , which is malting .
LANG_ENG Located close to Cork city centre , it is the perfect base from which to explore the many delights of Cork city and county .
LANG_ENG Unfortunately , the prohibition is bound to create economic difficulties for the fleets concerned .
LANG_ENG An example from the sporting world comes to mind .
LANG_ENG It reaches the end user in the form of polyvinylchloride (PVC), for example , a synthetic material with numerous application possibilities such as flooring , window frames , piping systems and industrial packaging .
LANG_ENG Samye izvestnye voennye pesni i shlyagery iz lyubimyh sovetskih kinofilmov v ispolnenii vsemirno izvestnogo baritona Dmitriya Hvorostovskogo izdany v populyarnoj serii &quot; Grand Collection &quot; .
LANG_ENG Another alternative is that some of the prepaid remises will provide you with a 20% discount coupon for your airport return . If you manage to hold on to this coupon , dial them directly to come and collect you and save yourself 20% .
LANG_ENG A way out of this dilemma must be found now .
LANG_ENG For more than 15 years our company has been amongst the leading companies in the real estate business on the Spanish Costa Blanca .
LANG_ENG Part of two main lakes , Fagnano and Roca , and other minor lakes , sprinkle the surface of the park , which embeds also a part of Olivia River , Pipo River and Roca River , which pours the waters of the homonymous lake in Lapataia Bay .
LANG_ENG Our spacious suites between 40 - 78 m ² provide you with all the comfort of a 3-star hotel .
LANG_ENG It amazes me that so many of my fellow Members from Sweden have voted in favour of this report .
LANG_ENG Yes you may play our games and even have private tables for your players .
LANG_ENG The current web has implemented the described solution .
LANG_ENG I therefore hope that I will soon be able to vote in favour of consulting and informing pensioners as well as employees .
LANG_ENG The mandatory provisions shall apply for materials defect liability , in as far as there is no other agreement .
LANG_ENG The journey by shuttle bus or taxi to the city center takes approximately 20 minutes .
LANG_ENG You want an unforgettable vacation at one of the sailing boats ?
LANG_ENG The camp &apos;s main purpose was extermination of its inmates . The work of the camp physicians was concerned mainly with the taking , not the saving , of life .
LANG_ENG Our tip: Book your room vie Internet .
LANG_ENG Also , within the Leisure Club we offer a fully equipped gym with top of the range Cybex equipment , aerobics studio and large comfortable changing rooms .
LANG_ENG It clearly illustrates that creating the European Anti-Fraud Office OLAF is an important step , but is only a step on the path towards the European prosecutor which I have called for time and again both in a personal capacity and as rapporteur .
LANG_ENG In 1963 , Buddhist discontent with Diem &apos;s pro-Catholic discrimination erupted following the banning of the Buddhist flag and the Hue Vesak shootings .
LANG_ENG Claims for damages regarding this cannot be accepted .
LANG_ENG The hotel cannot offer lunch or dinner meals but you have plenty of good places in the area , with a rich variety of mediterranean food .
LANG_ENG &quot; Stop the pastor who wants to burn the Koran .
LANG_ENG He called on the Union , as a co-signatory of the interim agreement , to play a role in arbitration between the Israelis and the Palestinians .
LANG_ENG However , with the vision and determination to take the right turn at each of these crossroads , there is a chance that the current impasse can be overcome , however far off that might appear now .
LANG_ENG Young people must be given help and support in securing entry to the world of work .
LANG_ENG I believe that each Member State will indicate the language or languages appropriate for this purpose .
LANG_ENG Commissioner Georgieva arrived in Chile yesterday , 10 March , to visit areas affected by the recent earthquake and to follow the work of European humanitarian and civil protection experts there on the ground .
LANG_ENG Originally , the Commission would only have prohibited DEGME in paints , but through collaboration by all the parties we have also achieved its restriction in cleaning materials .
LANG_ENG This underground stop connects you to the central railway station in just 4 minutes (30 minutes on foot) and the exhibition centre in 9 minutes (45 minutes on foot).
LANG_ENG Gross domestic product is taken to be the leading indicator of national well-being .
LANG_ENG The White House staff member who discussed it with the CIA then suggested changing the sentence so that it stated that the British reported that Saddam Hussein hadsought to buy uranium from Africa .
LANG_ENG It is saved on the local hard drive under: % TEMPDIR % \ laf % hex number % .tmp Furthermore this file gets executed after it was fully downloaded .
LANG_ENG But they did nothing of the sort .
LANG_ENG I posed this question because the opponents of cooperation under Schengen always maintain that accession to Schengen will make it more difficult to catch criminal gangs .
LANG_ENG This report helps you understand the largest contributors to your business " growth - which is valuable knowledge to have in order to continue growing .
LANG_ENG Newsletter Subscribe to the newsletter for Hotel Royer , Schladming .
LANG_ENG Ultimately , it is the rubbing points in cross-border judicial arrangements that grind down families and children .
LANG_ENG Otherwise , such enterprises would find it difficult to gain access to research and development .
LANG_ENG That will be needed to concentrate , to have energy and patience .
LANG_ENG You mentioned Montesquieu , and someone else wanted Machiavelli .
LANG_ENG We want to preserve Aigina " s unique character , to support protection of its natural beauty and its the wealth of its heritage .
LANG_ENG You can start the session without any difficulty or embarrassment at home or away , in any place you want .
LANG_ENG The entrance of the Glasshouse boutique hotel is through the converted 150-year-old Lady Glenorchy Church .
LANG_ENG Unlike the Eurosceptics in this House , we believe in a strong Commission .
LANG_ENG For those whose work is conducted anywhere and everywhere , our new X200 tablets feature display options like MultiView SuperBright LED backlit panels for improved outdoor viewing .
LANG_ENG Later , head to the large bar where you can enjoy one of the Pulitzer " s delicious cocktails .
LANG_ENG We remain under this today .
LANG_ENG Kunert deliberately oscillates between humor , wit , scurrility and the grotesque .
LANG_ENG The latter will be able to make recommendations and be involved in monitoring national systems .
LANG_ENG This makes it difficult for farmers in poor developing countries to sell their products on the European market .
LANG_ENG This are the beaches most recommended of the municipality of Mijas .
LANG_ENG , acts as a replacement for the built-in full-text parser , so it needs to split text into words and pass each word to the server .
LANG_ENG I therefore share the joy of many patients over the fact that the vote has ended favourably .
LANG_ENG There are buses that run the town . Main connection point is the train station .
LANG_ENG The F1-cross with Skunk # 1 gives the variety a bigger yield and better taste .
LANG_ENG on behalf of the Verts / ALE Group . - (DE) Mr President , the resolution speaks of the UN , and also of the European institutions , in very clear , critical terms .
LANG_ENG The content is defined in terms of the smallest measurable content .
LANG_ENG We can also help you with questions and information .
LANG_ENG District governor-elect and incoming district Rotary Foundation committee chair participate in Future Vision Pilot Training 17-18 January in San Diego , California , USA .
LANG_ENG The targets are journalists and opposition leaders such as Yelena Rogacheva and Vladimir Kozlov .
LANG_ENG What is happening in southern Spain is much more serious than Dover , Mr Danielsson , and I believe it requires some interference , if I may use this expression .
LANG_ENG Join us now and receive a welcoming bonus at your first deposit !
LANG_ENG Whatever your needs or your style of holiday , in Montaione you will certainly the opportunity to enjoy .
LANG_ENG The support of the MEPs for the European Institute of Technology is both welcome and essential .
LANG_ENG Arrive and relax: after a successful , yet sometimes exhausting business day in Austria or neighbouring Bavaria; or in the pleasant anticipation of a family celebration or romantic dinner with your sweetheart .
LANG_ENG Serbia , which is characterised by a Christian tradition , has proven its good intentions again and again .
LANG_ENG It remains to be seen to what extent the draft Commission regulation will allow for the use of the official languages other ​ ​ than English , French and German .
LANG_ENG 10-25 12: 05 - Everybody was joking before the Zeppelin arrived that they would outrun the fireboat , but they didn &apos;t expect the excellent hovering capabilities .
LANG_ENG Thanks to our experience with numerous modernization projects , downtime during conversions is cut to the minimum .
LANG_ENG The SUPER series , VISION series , special-purpose machines and paving screeds - Joseph Vögele AG will be presenting 15 exhibits from its impressive product range .
LANG_ENG This agreement governs your use of this Website (&quot; the Site &quot;), please read it carefully .
LANG_ENG They must show a full frontal view of the bearer , without dark glasses or head-coverings .
LANG_ENG It is economically unjust , socially unacceptable and , I would add , dangerous for everyone in terms of road safety .
LANG_ENG you can offer to the world .
LANG_ENG Seek emergency medical attention if you think you have used too much of this medicine .
LANG_ENG The continuing development of the Internet also affects our data protection strategy .
LANG_ENG Albert Pass Hall (born 10 November 1937; age 72) played the role of Galek Sar in the Star Trek: The Next Generation episode &quot; Booby Trap &quot; .
LANG_ENG Submit as false alert - Automatically submits the file to our Malware Lab for checking a possible false alert .
LANG_ENG The reasons for it fall into a number of categories , including economic migration , family reunification , and seeking refuge and asylum .
LANG_ENG Very satisfactory results have been reached on the firing process with the burners IF55 and IF200 , with high performances compared to the standard previsouly used; Italforn combustion systems can be manged in modulation gas / air with constant control of O2 and CO percentage .
LANG_ENG Covered top to bottom in beautiful , old , folk-art-style paintings , the Peace Church is absolutely worth a visit .
LANG_ENG You have seen yourself as the guardian of the Treaties , and that is indeed your role .
LANG_ENG 13 beds are available in total including extra beds which are in total three .
LANG_ENG After the nails have been cured , apply a thin layer of CLEAR GEL to each nail . This will create a glossy look .
LANG_ENG Despite his best efforts to insist on a term longer than three months and the ability to appoint some members of his cabinet as conditions for accepting the premiership , in the end he won neither demand .
LANG_ENG The challenge for South Korea stems from the inevitable tradeoff between legitimacy and workability .
LANG_ENG It is also about the freedom of people in Iran and about how we help civil society to win that freedom .
LANG_ENG I wish to highlight only one of these , if I may , which is the issue of birth control and the world &apos;s population .
LANG_ENG The two small islands , one resembling a tortoise , the other a seal , are remnants of an ice-cored moraine (July 13th , 2008).
LANG_ENG The detailed table of contents can be found on Free Dowloads .
LANG_ENG The greatest difficulty these businesses currently face is in accessing funding and capital .
LANG_ENG One final , brief point , on a less optimistic note , regarding the timetable of the Convention and the IGC on the future of Europe .
LANG_ENG We are left with little time to go even part of the way towards balancing out that impression .
LANG_ENG But in the course of this Presidency we have also made it clear that we regard it as necessary to have the kind of practical , sensible reforms that will allow a Union of 25 to operate more effectively than on the basis of the present Treaty arrangements .
LANG_ENG Rental of mobile home with shelter of garden: it has the capacity to welcome a family of 4 persons .
LANG_ENG soldato che fugge buono per un " altra volta ... soldier who flees to another good time ...
LANG_ENG We would urge the other institutions to develop plans in order to avoid the unbridled growth of the work for the translation services .
LANG_ENG As Constant and Friedman , most of the Archigram members were in close contact with the Team X architects .
LANG_ENG The room in-between is filled by a spatial sound composition which drives the rythm of visual change as well as extending the visual atmosphere into the real .
LANG_ENG At the Euratom Conference on the Control of Nuclear Material in Novosibirsk , which I attended yesterday , it became clear how important innovation is in the domain of control .
LANG_ENG Do you want to know what 2010 has in store for you as regards Work and Love ?
LANG_ENG To portray it in the complete opposite way of what is intended is completely disingenuous .
LANG_ENG The layer at the bottom of the stack is the background layer . The layers above it are the components of the foreground .
LANG_ENG In 1985 the Irish Government failed to obtain a derogation , as Mrs Fontaine has said , from the strictest provisions in the directive concerning recognition of architects &apos; qualifications .
LANG_ENG I therefore urge you to give a large measure of support to these two amendments on patents and the scope of the directive .
LANG_ENG Experience of Treatment of Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy by Transplantation of Embryonic Stem Cells / / Cytotherapy .
LANG_ENG Tamil Travels is an independent company , which means we can offer full potential of our agents. so the customers can compare facilities offered by our differnt agents for their own convinients .
LANG_ENG Although the legs are slim , they are strong , and the hooves are tough . The horses usually have cow hocks .
LANG_ENG This Code Allows You To Change Your Default Cursor To Any Of The Ones We Offer .
LANG_ENG All three players would be eligible to win the main pot , but only the two players who contributed chips to the side pot would be eligible to win that side pot .
LANG_ENG The post-Brussels political momentum has become even stronger than it was already , and if this Council made anything really visible , it was the shared desire to make a success of this project of uniting Europe , which is becoming ever stronger .
LANG_ENG I have asked them why , if they are seeking a partnership with developing country governments , they face legal action , not just in South Africa but in India , Brazil and elsewhere .
LANG_ENG The startup splash for KDE 4 is not yet finalized .
LANG_ENG At Marienplatz , take the north-bound metro line 6 (U6) to Garching Forschungszentrum. itm and TU München are located at Garching Forschungszentrum .
LANG_ENG Many parties to this discussion process initially took the view that fraud could only be effectively combated if UCLAF became independent and were reconstituted outside the Commission framework .
LANG_ENG Select the category to open up the list of hotels Villamarina .
LANG_ENG There is hardly a drive or conveying problem today that has not been solved with PU timing belts provided by the Mulco group .
LANG_ENG The 20 pages newspaper was a daily production created with InDesign CS2 , printed and distributed to the public .
LANG_ENG Before you can use this product you must register using the form at http: / / shop.flexerasoftware.com / registration / serials.aspx and then and activate the software by entering the serial number .
LANG_ENG To summarize , if you need a tailor made service , expect reactivity from your business partner and creative solutions in France and Europe , its is the right outsourcing company .
LANG_ENG We have just learned that on November 15 and 16 , the theater group Motus is going to perform Fassbinder " s play " Preparadise Sorry Now " in Berlin " s Sophiensälen .
LANG_ENG Mr President-in-Office of the Council , there is nothing easier than to criticise the immigration policy of the current government .
LANG_ENG The agreement provides a process for compensating the victims of attacks ranging from the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , to the US air strikes on Tripoli and Benghazi in 1986 .
LANG_ENG The lymphatic drainage tool massages performed by the LPG and STARVAC SP2 has a deep effect .
LANG_ENG Both organizations support the Open Source Software project OpenPKG &#91; 5 &#93; and use it to share code and information .
LANG_ENG That is why I believe that your proposal is not a good one .
LANG_ENG Or by combining model-based development with the use of frameworks .
LANG_ENG The role of the regulatory authorities has been enhanced , and the adoption of provisions in relation to accessibility for all is recommended most strongly to the Member States .
LANG_ENG Click here to compare this attractive offers with the Complete Collection for Photoshop , Lightroom and Aperture .
LANG_ENG I beg to disagree with him .
LANG_ENG It was not on the agenda of the most recent European Council , but we adopted conclusions in December and have been closely following developments there ever since .
LANG_ENG Then , of course , there is the economic climate in which we find ourselves these days .
LANG_ENG If we can agree that tomorrow , then I believe that we have the beginnings , at least , of the right context in which we can get a financing deal .
LANG_ENG What we are seeing at the moment , however , is the modest and slow nature of the initial reaction from Damascus , which has undeniably brought the global weakness of Syria " s current position to the fore .
LANG_ENG But he failed to get an academic position .
LANG_ENG Within just a few years , breakthrough to become market leader in the production of riding boots .
LANG_ENG You might say that this is a good sign: people are interested in our work .
LANG_ENG Abraha (died 570) was a governor of the territories in Arabia for the Axumite Kingdom , and later king of modern Yemen .
LANG_ENG The mailing list is located at lists.debian.org - send a message containing the word &quot; subscribe &quot; in the subject to debian-laptop-request @ lists.debian.org to sign up , or use the mailing list subscription page .
LANG_ENG Mr President , there has , for over thirty-five years , been a great deal of poison in Cambodian politics .
LANG_ENG They want sex , they are not here to talk , they are here to rock that pussy .
LANG_ENG Ironically for cyber-utopians , the electronic trails created by social networks like Twitter and Facebook sometimes make the job of the secret police easier .
LANG_ENG Chapter 7: We studied the optical properties of monodominios of ópalos artificial volume .
LANG_ENG The various forms of treatment centre on osteopathy , a holistic , manual therapeutic approach that serves for the diagnosis and treatment of a wide range of functional physical disorders .
LANG_ENG The chief concerns of the industry are harmonisation and stability .
LANG_ENG After clicking on the icon the text appears and if you click on it you can see the panorama .
LANG_ENG There is , of course , a deep irony in European officials opining on a national budget , when the EU &apos;s own budget is not yet agreed .
LANG_ENG I would like to draw the attention of this House to the fact that , despite many recent promises , the Italian authorities are still failing to implement in full the legal protection granted to the Slovene minority .
LANG_ENG Which institution will pay this official &apos; s salary , how will it be determined , and is it intended to seek the European Parliament &apos; s approval for the post and the appropriations necessary to pay for it ?
LANG_ENG The information we offer on Zinc Pressure Die-casting and die-cast zinc products has been compiled by experts who have mastered both the material and the technology .
LANG_ENG  (Imagine the picture - uncle under 50 with the temperature begins to conduct an experiment: -)).
LANG_ENG For adidas , the 2006 FIFA World Cup ™ has proven to be a great commercial success with record football sales of over 1.2 billion euros , up more than 30% from 2005 .
LANG_ENG There is , however , something wrong with the way in which Member States interpret and apply the regulation .
LANG_ENG With an unbeatable location , guests are in close proximity to championship golfing , water parks , horseback riding , fishing , animal parks and so much more .
LANG_ENG As you know , Mr Gilles de Kerchove was recently appointed as the new EU Anti-Terrorism Coordinator , and like his predecessors he will be available to give this House all the information it requires .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I was just looking at the text of Amendment No 21 , which we passed a few moments ago , which concerns changes to weeks 37 and 38 .
LANG_ENG Order license keys for the English edition of Subsembly Wallet 2.1 for use on a desktop Windows PC or for portable use on U3 Smart Drives and other USB flash driveshere .
LANG_ENG This script typically stops any daemons which are associated with a package .
LANG_ENG Moshe Lazar , Professor of Comparative Literature at U.C.L.A. , studies the Bible translation and the commentary appearing in the manuscript .
LANG_ENG But the hard fact is that there are a number of knotty problems and some of them have come through my own hands .
LANG_ENG The European Union has been intensively involved in trying to manage and prevent this crisis .
LANG_ENG Restore the skin &apos;s radiance and youthful look , thanks to Cellular Life Complex with 56 revitalizing active ingredients .
LANG_ENG Even if you &apos;re familiar with Linux in other distributions , there are things you should know about Debian to help you to keep your system in a good , clean state .
LANG_ENG These matters have already been discussed more than once at sittings of the European Parliament and , in particular , the Committee on Transport and Tourism .
LANG_ENG I do not know how many this concerns , because there is more than one server .
LANG_ENG I know which category I fit into , but I think trying to get some harmonisation in this area is going to be a long , long process .
LANG_ENG The legislation on the rights of passengers in bus and coach transport , which we will be voting on today , might be considered unambitious .
LANG_ENG Prepared statements might not provide a performance increase in some situations . For best results , test your application both with prepared and nonprepared statements and choose whichever yields best performance .
LANG_ENG Lemesos and the surrounding area , is home to enough cultural treasures to keep you occupied for many days .
LANG_ENG For now though , it remains unclear when alternatives to the G1 can be expected to arrive in Germany .
LANG_ENG Three brushtrokes with pencil , red color at 100% , 50% , 25%: only transparent or semi-transparent pixels of the layer are painted .
LANG_ENG In most cases it creates a nice little picture , they stuck typography slightly modified the name of the company or artist and you &apos;re done .
LANG_ENG That I regard as very helpful and a good sign for the future .
LANG_ENG The pace of real GDP contraction slowed to 7% yr / yr in Q2 from 14.3% in Q1 ...
LANG_ENG In the main the proposal responds to the differing needs of the Member States and includes the principle of subsidiarity .
LANG_ENG As Auntie &apos;s Hovel comes into play , you may reveal a Goblin card from your hand .
LANG_ENG It must be stated , however , that many of the aims pursued with the European Year would not ultimately be achieved if we saw that a significant part of those resources were being spent on more &apos; surveys and studies &apos; .
LANG_ENG With this legislation , we have , I believe , succeeded in resolving the dilemma between the need for high standards of health protection , on the one hand , and the industry " s calls for better conditions for research and competitiveness , on the other .
LANG_ENG But as well I have always been competitive with my current situation .
LANG_ENG The Hotel des Puig has 7 double bedrooms and one Penthouse Suite , all with shower , wc , telephone , heating , air conditioning and satellite television .
LANG_ENG I am concerned that it has not been possible to reach agreement on a common solution because of insurmountable differences of opinion over arrangements for the translation of patents .
LANG_ENG In the areas of health and education , there is little chance of any short-term gains .
LANG_ENG I voted in favour of the report on the cross-border , transnational and interregional territorial cooperation initiative .
LANG_ENG Voting time
LANG_ENG 25 And now Abinadi said unto them: Are you a priests , and pretend to teach this people , and to understand the spirit of prophesying , and yet desire to know of me what these things mean ?
LANG_ENG The Commission &apos;s proposals are adapted to our weaknesses .
LANG_ENG American START negotiators argued with their Russian colleagues for months to exclude legally binding language that might constrain missile defenses or the use of non-nuclear warheads on long-range ballistic missiles .
LANG_ENG This is the time to express our full solidarity with them and also our desire to do everything we can to secure their release as soon as possible .
LANG_ENG We donate LEGO products to the above mentioned group and wish to help as many children as possible at a time .
LANG_ENG The aim is to promote more and better jobs , with a view to eradicating situations of poverty and social exclusion .
LANG_ENG ), your viewing experience of the page should be dramatically increased now !
LANG_ENG Enjoy the inside track on the city " s vibrant central scene , from the colourful stalls in the newly restored 19th century market to the city " s lively old quarter at Monastiraki .
LANG_ENG So it is a serious matter for them .
LANG_ENG There is therefore nothing to abrogate .
LANG_ENG To edit information just touch the entry and it opens .
LANG_ENG more than 24 hours before the flight - without penalties , less than 24 hours before the flight - charge of 25% of the applied fare .
LANG_ENG Connector couples laid-back groovy trip-hop-beats with classical bowed instruments and analog slide-synthie-melodies .
LANG_ENG You are here: Home &gt; France &gt; Paris &gt; 08 .
LANG_ENG The Thai sport massage finds and after sporty activities big inquiry .
LANG_ENG The QRC Group is carrying out international projects with its own resources and in close co-operation with reliable partners .
LANG_ENG The improvements related to the pixel quality are noticeable , even more so when compared to the LX2 , however , for now , they are still somewhat scarce .
LANG_ENG Basel Town is just 200 meters from our hotel .
LANG_ENG Its suitable position provides within easy reach to a relax , entertainment and shopping as well .
LANG_ENG The Kronplatz is home to 110 Kilometres of well prepared pistes for pure Alpine skiing enjoyment .
LANG_ENG Furthermore , it should be emphasised that the Constitutional Treaty cannot be the basis for the EU &apos;s future development .
LANG_ENG These queries are also threatened by chopping and appending an entirely new query to it .
LANG_ENG I am convinced that besides design the software makes the real difference between nowadays cameras .
LANG_ENG In this situation , it is more necessary than ever to reduce the gap between the European Union and its citizens , bringing the multinational yet shared cultural heritage of the European Union to its citizens and , above all , to future generations .
LANG_ENG To supplement simulation , measurement , and automation theory courses with practical experiments , NI developed a USB-6008 Student Kit that includes a copy of the LabVIEW Student Edition .
LANG_ENG I read about it in Anthony Shafton " s book Dream-Singers , a few weeks ago . He describes how African Americans use dreams for numbers gambling .
LANG_ENG I hope that the Commissioner will stand by our side , that he will stand firm with us , because I think this is of vital importance .
LANG_ENG If you activate particular links on the www.flotron.ch website you may , under certain circumstances , be leaving the www.flotron.ch website .
LANG_ENG It is typical that the Council was very close to adopting the resolution on progress (progress mind !) in the human rights situation in Libya .
LANG_ENG Interestingly enough , both are claiming the credit for this Arab popular uprising .
LANG_ENG The European Beta Test will initially offer the English language version , and in due course the French and German language versions will be introduced to the testing process .
LANG_ENG On the 4th of June , when the garrison of Fort Michilimackinac (now Mackinac) was celebrating the king &apos;s birthday , it was invited by the Ottawas , under their chief Pontiac , to witness a game of &quot; baggataway &quot; (lacrosse).
LANG_ENG Oude lift; slechts bruikbaar met hulp receptie . Ingang en trapzaal ondermaats .
LANG_ENG All children from 1 to 6 years are charged CHF 20.00 per night and person for cots .
LANG_ENG It will not dissipate until we pass into another mode of production .
LANG_ENG Rule 11 Secular Franciscans should pledge themselves to live the spirit of the Beatitudes and , in a special way , the spirit of poverty . Evangelical poverty demonstrates confidence in the Father , creates interior freedom , and disposes them to promote a more just distribution of wealth .
LANG_ENG The interesting point , however , is that many customers , who I have known for a long time , approached me about the thread and the armor .
LANG_ENG A good principle to follow is that if you are in doubt about stating something , state it .
LANG_ENG What shaving system is used in electric shavers " New Kharkov " ?
LANG_ENG We are advocating the need for sufficient coverage in less populated areas .
LANG_ENG • Do not climb everywhere , have you a blanket or bed in a corner where he is comfortable and protected from cold and moisture .
LANG_ENG In relation to the second supplementary question , this is not so much in connection with product counterfeiting but rather with the large proportion of Chinese imports that are clothing items .
LANG_ENG We will probably not fundamentally enhance global competitiveness in this way , and it is much more likely that we will irreversibly undermine social cohesion and open up divisions in society .
LANG_ENG They are putting it into franchising and other things .
LANG_ENG The packaging manufacturer must ensure that the packaging produced and marketed is in conformity with the requirements of the packaging directive , i.e. Directive 94 / 62 .
LANG_ENG I should like to express my congratulations on this initiative and am particularly pleased that we can adopt it today .
LANG_ENG One good draft later , I was able to advance to the finals with a pretty good deck .
LANG_ENG Data protection laws apply for personal information .
LANG_ENG Normally when you try to browse the network with XP Windwos expects a few seconds (many actually ...) before you see something ...
LANG_ENG But , for the countries bearing the brunt of China " s recalcitrant approach to territorial and maritime disputes , this emphasis raises new doubts about America " s commitment .
LANG_ENG  (PL) Madam President , the last few days have been full of reports about the lethal effects of using psychoactive substances , or what are known as &apos; designer drugs &apos; .
LANG_ENG Tyres took centre stage in Lisbon , with Bridgestone gathering their entire MotoGP fleet for a press conference in the Portuguese capital .
LANG_ENG We utilize high-quality , especially gentle techniques such as digital X-ray imaging combined with digital photography .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG tray . Example crisps: If the product type &quot; paprika &quot; is a bestseller , then most of that item should be in the tray .
LANG_ENG Finally , we call for the reinvestment of the revenue from the sale of petroleum in such a way as to ensure that it is managed by the Iraqi Government itself through competent bodies .
LANG_ENG On the other hand , work on several roads was begun (such as the widening of the " Regina Margherita " road in Val d &apos;Arzino or the bold mule-trail of Mt .
LANG_ENG Maybe the President-in-Office of the Council is not aware that this is not the first time we have debated humanitarian law in this Parliament . We actually hold a topical debate every Thursday afternoon , which , unfortunately , is poorly attended by the Council .
LANG_ENG It covers everything from raw and auxiliary materials to processing , quality assurance , packaging and logistics , informing visitors about the latest trends and technological developments .
LANG_ENG The reformed common agricultural policy must be able to publicly demonstrate the industry &apos;s delivery of public goods .
LANG_ENG The aircraft " s position is determined by highly accurate , differential GPS measurements .
LANG_ENG Our personal interest in physicians " professional and personal goals , combined with our extensive network of resources , help us bring people together .
LANG_ENG They must be encouraged to promote these irreplaceable values in their family and professional lives .
LANG_ENG In any event , some thought must be given to this issue as well .
LANG_ENG From the top of the Citadel it is possible to enjoy a spectacular view all around , the Montagna dei Fiori , Campli , Monte Ascensione and the Adriatic .
LANG_ENG The higher the regional energy price for the heat supply of the biogas plant , the more economical the BiogasUpgrader will be , since this technology for biogas upgrading provides exhaust heat at a temperature level of 55 ? C.
LANG_ENG This is my personal opinion in that the Commission cannot now say &apos; we are turning to the Court for a ruling that Polish national law has to be amended in a particular way &apos; , but I am of the view that a general principle can be drawn .
LANG_ENG The congress features a press conference with Federal Minister Ms. Edelgard Bulmahn , as well as , an exhibition in the foyer of the bcc .
LANG_ENG Keeping those promises despite America " s gloomy economic prospects will not be easy .
LANG_ENG This is not enough , however .
LANG_ENG You will find in our house a typical and familiar environment , a good shelter and the the best location possible as it allows easy on foot access to all the historic areas of Lisbon .
LANG_ENG I myself asked for it in this Chamber a few weeks ago .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Commissioner , I would also like to say that I feel that this issue is too important for us to continue to live the lie that we have been living in Europe .
LANG_ENG He is a man who loves his country , and anyone who reads his book &apos; The Flight of the White Raven &apos; will see why he was in prison for seven years .
LANG_ENG On the other hand , however , it then says that the Commission asked the US Government not to request data which undermine access to European databases .
LANG_ENG Till now it is possible to meet the examples of the Russian wooden architecture which has remained since those old times amazing imagination .
LANG_ENG These include Micron Technology , Inc . (who purchased Photobit Corp. in 2001), Toshiba , Inc . , Omnivision Technology , Inc . , Canon , among others .
LANG_ENG This has been the case this time as well , but we must continue to provide this aid . We must be more efficient .
LANG_ENG Today we have a common currency that places the emphasis on and encourages competition , trade and investment and focuses on the need for structural reforms , as well as the need for fiscal discipline .
LANG_ENG That will result in a gradual reduction of our fleet .
LANG_ENG She manages the monthly EHS regulatory monitoring , covering more than 70 countries worldwide .
LANG_ENG Mr Stockmann made a great number of valid points , namely that the main objective , to reduce NOx emissions , has in fact almost been achieved and that the 108% clause is disproportionate and inaccurate .
LANG_ENG Splendid views of the mountains , valleys and glaciers are the reward for ascents which might sometimes tempt cyclists to dismount .
LANG_ENG I also have concerns regarding the civil liberties aspects of this motion for a resolution .
LANG_ENG The bar , dining room and some rooms are fitted with full air conditioning system , which in the summer helps to cope with the heat .
LANG_ENG Understandably , we want to help .
LANG_ENG Our Rules of Procedure state that Commissioners may speak for as long as they wish .
LANG_ENG What is the difference between CVB and other toolkits ?
LANG_ENG We need to create a framework within which those engaged in the cultural sector can safeguard their livelihoods .
LANG_ENG Although the neo-liberal European &quot; Constitution &quot; failed because of the resistance of the people , conservative politicians - using totalitarism-doctrines and anti-communism - are trying to open the door on the political right side .
LANG_ENG If another language is not a barrier for us , we might as well stay in Poland and go beyond its borders .
LANG_ENG But as many coinvolgenti they seem us the jobs inspired to the teachers of the Futurism , the famous movement of avant-garde theorized in 1911 by Phillip Thomas Martinetti that , today it doesn &apos;t stop fascinating public and criticism yet .
LANG_ENG With respect to cigarette smuggling , I will be publishing an own-initiative report later on in the year .
LANG_ENG Nowadays dill is particularly popular in fine soups and light-coloured sauces .
LANG_ENG The project focused on the design , evaluation , implementation and testing of a cross-company brake-by-wire application in a prototype based on a current series car model .
LANG_ENG Ran outside to see what it was .
LANG_ENG Offering very convenient access to El Prat airport , the Recinto Ferial de Barcelona and much more , with a multitude of facilities and a magnificent restaurant , Amalur , serving original and Basque cuisine .
LANG_ENG Ideal for patients with limited assistance who need a product that is easier to put on than traditional absorbent pads .
LANG_ENG BRUSSELS - What is the most important source of disagreement today between Russia and the West ?
LANG_ENG The committee feels that pursuing a family policy at European level is impossible and undesirable for the following reasons .
LANG_ENG It is estimated that he transformed sixty percent of the buildings in Paris .
LANG_ENG If it is not being implemented , is this because it is unworkable ?
LANG_ENG The Quality Crown Hotel Paddington is a designer-style hotel at an affordable price .
LANG_ENG Depending on the Account type you have , you may obtain more features while using your account .
LANG_ENG Keiko Ishikawa , daughter of Hiro Ishikawa , was a native of Japan , Earth .
LANG_ENG Even without direct US-Iran talks now , the current negotiations need reshaping .
LANG_ENG Their access to education , work and property is severely restricted .
LANG_ENG This Commission proposal for a directive has three objectives .
LANG_ENG The final savings arising from these conditions can only be quantified precisely when the established location of all Commission offices in Brussels is clear .
LANG_ENG Pretzels or croissants and freshly-squeezed juice are available in the early morning , in the kitchens next to the roof terraces .
LANG_ENG We offer 100 accomodation places in the stylish interiors of the palace , the back-premises and former carriage depot .
LANG_ENG This is clear to us all .
LANG_ENG Some players may have the ability to choose from multiple bonus codes as their first bonus .
LANG_ENG Instead we have adopted an amendment that simply calls for particular consideration to be given to this problem in order to identify and phase out by 2005 antibiotic resistance markers in GMOs which may have adverse effects on human health and the environment;
LANG_ENG That is the result of the current situation and we are aware of this .
LANG_ENG The Cannes railway station is situated only 600m from the Hotel .
LANG_ENG Appropriate footwear (light hiking shoes), long jeans or trekking pants , long-sleeved shirt or blouse , t-shirts and shirts for sleeping , hat , cap or head cloth , sunscreen and mosquito protection .
LANG_ENG You are free to make your own assessment of it , but in no case can the speeches of the President-in-Office of the Council be restricted , or what has been said ignored .
LANG_ENG Peter Sommer , Business Development Manager at Wacom Europe: " When we presented our prototype at CeBIT this year , we were overwhelmed by the positive feedback the tablet received from the financial community .
LANG_ENG Ticket prices include a number of fees , taxes , and surcharges they have little or no control over , and these are passed through to various providers .
LANG_ENG Science museum and zoo centre in the urban context .
LANG_ENG How colleagues wish to react to the scientific evidence that there may be a bacterium , may be either scientific or political .
LANG_ENG It is clear that the obsolete Russian nuclear plants need to be shut down , but the sort of plant we are discussing now , at Temelin , is a modern Russian power station , although it still needs to be brought up to international safety standards .
LANG_ENG Transfer of bulk data is , of course , sensitive , and we will strive for further reductions in the volume of data during the negotiations .
LANG_ENG In the field of Voice as well as of Piano , the master classes are open for different repertoire (Opera , Oratorio , Lied).
LANG_ENG Mrs Stauner &apos; s motion for a resolution , which was before us initially was , in this respect , unbalanced . It over-simplified the issue and its sole aim appeared to be to malign the new Commission .
LANG_ENG It should take measures against the tobacco industry , which produces the final product , cigarettes .
LANG_ENG It will , however , be vital for all nations that fish tuna in the regions under surveillance to be committed to the action proposed and for surveillance to continue to be effective .
LANG_ENG We have developed cloth dryers , which are not only special in design but also adapted to the individual requirements of our customers .
LANG_ENG This is part of the problem .
LANG_ENG This is why the European Parliament has above all insisted that these institutions that issue electronic money and manage electronic money should be subject to genuine supervision , and I think that we have obtained a number of guarantees in this area .
LANG_ENG They are communications strategists with many years " professional experience . Plus , they have both feet on the ground .
LANG_ENG Indeed , events of the last couple of decades - the AIDS viruses transferring from monkeys to man , followed by their global spread , being just one example - should have convinced us that , where diseases are concerned , the unexpected will happen .
LANG_ENG If CLONE _ FS is set , the caller and the child process share the same file system information .
LANG_ENG Funeral services were held 15 January in Monterrey .
LANG_ENG There have been no such indications so far , as the environmental impact study procedure is still in progress .
LANG_ENG The SPL Attacker uses the same technology as the Transient Designer .
LANG_ENG We will shortly proceed to the vote (details will follow), and we will then see what happens .
LANG_ENG We are referring to the Directive in Article 220 on the rule for reaching a bilateral agreement on taxation matters .
LANG_ENG The resilience and adaptability that they provide are crucial to supporting long-term economic growth and job creation - no matter what the future brings .
LANG_ENG Indoors , new tasks to be handled are the exchange of illuminants , the maintenance of ventilation and air conditioning facilities , etc .
LANG_ENG As an added bonus , 1 of 2 Super Rare variant cards , " Allure of Darkness " or " The Dark Creator , " will be included in each Raging Battle Special Edition .
LANG_ENG If you have created an account , you can choose to disable ads , just toggle &quot; Wikitravel &gt; Do not show ad column &quot; in Special: Preferences .
LANG_ENG We fully respect the use of spectrum for broadcasting and cultural activities: let there be no misunderstanding on that .
LANG_ENG Always surprising us again how many people read our blog , know us are following our blog consistently and even other people share links blog .
LANG_ENG Take a short lunch break at a mountain refuge before journeying into the spectacular French Alps .
LANG_ENG I also believe that there are lists which show whether countries , and territories too , adhere to the rules , particularly as regards money laundering .
LANG_ENG While Mr Poettering has had something to say about a lot of things , he has not had much to say about the summit that awaits you tomorrow .
LANG_ENG With Impleo your customers computers can be preloaded with less work , just one click is necessary .
LANG_ENG For more information on Madeira please visit our award-winning Tourist Destination Guide .
LANG_ENG Montessori continued to observe children around the world and found that the principles of development she had recognized , were inherent to children of all races , cultures and social standing .
LANG_ENG Worse still , some of them have been tortured , including on European soil: in Romania , in Lithuania and in Poland .
LANG_ENG Directly on the water with your own angling spot , or among the trees surprised in morning and evening by free whistling concertos that are not for the birds . In the most positive sense of course &#91; insert smiley &#93; .
LANG_ENG Notes are in denominations of NPR1,000 , 500 , 100 , 50 , 20 , 10 , 5 , 2 and 1 . Coins are in denominations of 50 , 25 and 10 paisa .
LANG_ENG The palace of Leopoldskron is a rococo palace and a national historic monument in Leopoldskron-Moos , a southern district of the city of Salzburg .
LANG_ENG But how can hydrogen be stored and transported ?
LANG_ENG I just wanted to say that page 26 of the Minutes indicates that before the vote on topical and urgent motions for resolutions I pointed out to Mr Cot that only the joint motions were available in all languages and not the motions on which they were based .
LANG_ENG 7) EU agencies should be freed from EU Staff Regulations .
LANG_ENG The Sixth Environmental Action Programme approved the principle that the volume of waste generated should be de-coupled from economic growth . This is also one of the most important environmental policy objectives of the summit currently being held in Johannesburg .
LANG_ENG If you are suffering from Psoriasis , Neurodermatitis , Eczema , etc . , we can offer you a proven and traditional method to treat your ailment or medical condition .
LANG_ENG A German translation was published in 1996 (Amselbach , Kiepenheuer Verlag Leipzig).
LANG_ENG Irrespective of loss or cancellation , the client can claim damages for non-performance unless the loss incurred on the tour is due to circumstances beyond the control of the tour operator .
LANG_ENG You get X MB for your files / webspaces on our server .
LANG_ENG Implenia is made up of three divisions: Implenia Real Estate for all services before and after construction , Implenia Construction and Implenia Global Solutions , which bundles the know-how and services of the entire Group to make them available to international markets .
LANG_ENG 76 500 euros FAI Ref 839. real estate Beruges .
LANG_ENG By creating an account at digalittledeeper.net you will be able to shop faster , be up to date on an orders status , and keep track of the orders you have previously made .
LANG_ENG Clipping the Euro " s Wings
LANG_ENG 12 . Reinsurance (implementing powers conferred on the Commission) (vote) 
LANG_ENG I hope that we will all work towards this .
LANG_ENG But , in that case , Iranian quiescence , not peaceful relations with an independent Palestine , might be Bibi " s true objective .
LANG_ENG Juan-les-Pins is " the only town on the Cote d &apos;Azur that has kept its identity and soul " , Graham Greene once said .
LANG_ENG The resolution is more than sufficient to get nice enlargements , to edit the images or to make a crop .
LANG_ENG To this end , kindly complete the accreditation form and send it back to us via the fax number or e-mail address indicated together with verification of your journalistic activities .
LANG_ENG We therefore need the political ambition that you have shown this afternoon , Mr Barroso .
LANG_ENG If the element center does not coincide with the light effect center , you get a very interesting result: the light effect edges get attracted to the center of the light effect and not to the element center .
LANG_ENG It now transpires that the official text from the Declaration of the Co-Chairs , which includes the European Union , uses the wording - which is strange , but nevertheless they use it in writing - &apos; no-fire &apos; period .
LANG_ENG The responsibility for following western safety regulations rests with the Member States , and responsibility for monitoring rests with that most viable of organisations , the Western European Nuclear Regulatory Association .
LANG_ENG The EU has already set up cooperation programmes with America and with Canada , but I should like to fight for cooperation in the field of higher education with the developing countries .
LANG_ENG We hope this will make the 2009 release compatible with the widest possible range of these integrated sound chipsets .
LANG_ENG To have the Dharma Gem on our own mental continuums , we need the methods for generating it there and we need someone to indicate &#91; through explanations and personal example &#93; what the actual situation of the Dharma Gem is .
LANG_ENG Webasto &apos;s innovation enables temperature and air volume to be controlled separately .
LANG_ENG Thank you , Commissioner Byrne .
LANG_ENG The W3C CSS Validation Service is a free software created by the W3C to help Web designers and Web developers check Cascading Style Sheets (CSS).
LANG_ENG That exceptionally low price is only possible thanks to mass production on as small a surface area as possible .
LANG_ENG The cross-country ski run starts directly in front of the hotel .
LANG_ENG In 1994 , the Ecofin Council held that , in certain circumstances , the loans granted could be the subject of interest-rate subsidies financed from the Community budget .
LANG_ENG Frankly , I think tomorrow would be better .
LANG_ENG Also , during my time at the Council of Europe , I was a rapporteur for a report on maternity in which it was found that , in the developing countries and also in Europe , women were often not given basic protection during pregnancy .
LANG_ENG Further informationen: Coverity Mainpage (Verifysoft) Coverity Inc .
LANG_ENG The ship is an exclusive location for incentive , business meetings , regatta escorts , product lounges , concerts , fashion shows and all other reasonable corporate events .
LANG_ENG What it represents above all is the confirmation that the Europe that we are building is ruled by universal values which are equally resonant across the world .
LANG_ENG However , given the mandate and the final objective of the text to be submitted to the Heads of State and Government , this power must be exercised with caution and on a case-by-case basis .
LANG_ENG Guadeloupe is an integral part of France so it has the same rules as France , which you can get from France &apos;s page .
LANG_ENG Continuing with this policy will scupper the expectations of European citizens .
LANG_ENG We identify the important actors and decision-makers and advise on integrating them into networks .
LANG_ENG The present approach is really topsy-turvy , and I think that we need to reinstate Montesquieu &apos;s principles .
LANG_ENG I declare adjourned the session of the European Parliament .
LANG_ENG It is not by pure chance that the beginning of the expansion of the European-Atlantic social system also coincides with the invention of the letterpress in 1445 .
LANG_ENG Both these goals are well within our grasp , and I would like to comment on each one in turn .
LANG_ENG I " m still hesitating to play Hermione in the last two movies .
LANG_ENG In the village of Canyamel in Majorca to rent for 2-3 people holiday apartment .
LANG_ENG Payments are made via a secure CETREL server (www.cetrel.lu) or PAYPAL (www.paypal.com).
LANG_ENG The trade concessions should be economically meaningful for Pakistan but , at the same time , take account of industrial sensitivities in the European Union .
LANG_ENG Since the Bundesliga season 2004 / 2005 the clubs are officially allowed to wear title symbols over their club crest .
LANG_ENG That money must come from higher taxes , from eroding the real value of money balances and government debt through inflation , or from outright default and debt restructuring .
LANG_ENG The Gaborone amendment to the CITES text from 1983 would allow us to become a party to the Convention .
LANG_ENG Mr Trinh &apos;s possessions have still not been returned to him and those who falsely accused him have still not been brought to justice .
LANG_ENG Our problem is that , where the control of pesticides is concerned , the control authorities in the Member States are groping in the dark , because , to take one example , the German authorities do not know what pesticides are used in Spain or in Greece .
LANG_ENG He must know that all mankind is connected with every other part of mankind , all geared together by the one omnipresent Light of God which centers all as ONE and motivates all as ONE .
LANG_ENG New to the sites of buero-forum are information on OFML . Under OFML you will find explanations to the electronic data standard for office furnishing products , an overview of all manufacturers , who supply OFML-data and contact data as well as further service information .
LANG_ENG RFID Webshop by TAGnology provides online ordering of GO ™ RFID Wristbands for smaller projects and volumes .
LANG_ENG I would say to Mrs Schörling that almost all money for HIPC is found from the existing development budgets .
LANG_ENG One relates to the general amounts and the other to the deficiencies in the rules on budgetary management .
LANG_ENG But it goes beyond the pure visual identity .
LANG_ENG Mr President , one year ago , Mr Camisón Asensio drew up an excellent report , as this House confirmed during the first reading of this timely proposal for a directive .
LANG_ENG It is a rare occasion in history where peoples of Europe can potentially have their own say on what a so-called constitutional framework would look like post-2004 .
LANG_ENG mail sent to the seller , for the moment I have no answer .
LANG_ENG Has own medical beach with the sandy coast , well warmed up water and a small surf .
LANG_ENG Instead , policy will be centralised at European level and in Brussels , ever further from the people .
LANG_ENG Panoramic views of the Aegean Sea , whitewashed houses on the cliff " s edge , spectacular sunsets over the volcano - everything you " ve imagined about Santorini , you can enjoy at the luxurious Mill Houses .
LANG_ENG 4 votes &#124; 127 views &#124; 1 com .
LANG_ENG I should like to address special thanks , however , to the Commission for its open and forthcoming cooperation with me and the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , which was instrumental in bringing about this very positive outcome .
LANG_ENG The history of the restaurant get at 30 ' s of the last century and it splices modern design with extant renaissance interior .
LANG_ENG Rules of transporting of Visually / hearing impaired passengers .
LANG_ENG Tar derivates and photoreactive substances in cosmetics are suspect .
LANG_ENG Exhibition for human resource development , manager &apos;s training and eLearning .
LANG_ENG on behalf of the PSE Group . - Mr President , the essential question is , of course , what to do now .
LANG_ENG A vulnerability in ImageMagick allows attackers to crash the application and potentially execute arbitrary code .
LANG_ENG Limited-edition models such as those dedicated to Julius Assmann and Alfred Hewig , and its timepieces decorated with Meissen porcelain dials are much sought-after by collectors .
LANG_ENG See relevant postings from Google Groups in your regular web search results .
LANG_ENG yFiles AJAX version 1.3 is the newest major release available .
LANG_ENG On-site bicycle rental is just one of the few facilities intended to make your stay a pleasant one .
LANG_ENG The XC2387 is a member of the X2300 microcontroller family for automotive safety applications (i.e. airbags , power steering).
LANG_ENG , . Mr President , Madam Commissioner , on Sunday 17 October the international community observed the International Day for the Elimination of Poverty , in order to draw attention to poverty as a violation of human rights .
LANG_ENG May this serve as a warning to Europe .
LANG_ENG With the help of e-government , social groups or individuals can be directly involved in social dialogue with national government .
LANG_ENG The stairs also lead to six homely suites and rooms at the back that look out on the patio .
LANG_ENG The village was originally the seat of a family of the same name .
LANG_ENG Supplier Registration Please complete this registration form if you are a prospective supplier and wish to become a participant to one of our programs .
LANG_ENG port , which is compatible with the ARM EABI .
LANG_ENG We see VERBIO and its products very well placed against this background . It is our goal to secure and further consolidate our position as one of the leading European manufacturers of biofuel .
LANG_ENG This location is ideal for your business or leisure trip , you will find shops and transports near the residence .
LANG_ENG Whether or not the principle of these loans is acceptable is another matter .
LANG_ENG Initially designed the Armi Rati some reason but left soon the creative creation of Maija Isola , whose career took off when she became head designer of Marimekko , a post she stayed on to 1987 .
LANG_ENG Democracy is based on people &apos;s freely expressed desire .
LANG_ENG Li-Ion is a pioneering technology and a product of space research . These specially-developed longlasting accumulators with a life cycle of approx .
LANG_ENG In the 54 houses located 124 architectural monuments .
LANG_ENG You " ll improve your technique in order to be able to ski also steeper slopes in a perfect style .
LANG_ENG This is a real test of that .
LANG_ENG I only realized today that I made the mistake that you got the same amount of points per deleted line in every level , although it should increase with the level number .
LANG_ENG The next item is the presentation by the Commission of the preliminary draft general budget - 2006 financial year .
LANG_ENG All of the measures that are intended , in the truest sense of the word , to be put in train here are long overdue .
LANG_ENG The Code of Ethics of police services has its origins in the so-called " Exodus Act " of 26 April 2002 , which deals with the essential elements of the status of the police services " staff members (law &quot; Exodus &quot;).
LANG_ENG Together with the instructor as leader of the project the project plan will be created step by step . Interactively we arrange the sequence of the tasks , define milestones , analyse the task duration and finally developed the project schedule as Gantt-diagram .
LANG_ENG Citéa Nogent sur Marne is located near Paris in a pleasant environment at the edge of the Marne ...
LANG_ENG The NPR , for example , further reduces America " s reliance on nuclear weapons by adopting an almost no-first-use doctrine .
LANG_ENG The residence has been recently completely restored and the guest rooms and suites offer the best of Prague ' s past combined with a top contemporary comfort .
LANG_ENG I enjoyed the history of what has occurred but I would really like to know what the Council intends to do next .
LANG_ENG 30 minutes in which the visitors are informed on the history of the original country farm , building of Pivovarský dvůr Plzeň , the history of the PURKMISTR trade mark , and on the principles of beer brewing .
LANG_ENG Simply click on a Skype Name , phone number or Skype button in the email message or signature to start a call or an instant message .
LANG_ENG Since the US authorities have been certifying their rice as free of the unauthorised GMO LLRICE 601 , which was nonetheless discovered in shipments , what confidence can EU consumers have in the reliability of such certification systems ?
LANG_ENG Sterckx report (A5-0075 / 2000) 
LANG_ENG Please ask us if you need more equipment (rates on request).
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG Let us ask ourselves the question once and for all: Why is it that we are obliged to talk about a Eurodac system at all ?
LANG_ENG Hotel Rossini is located 2,5 km. from the city centre and 200 meters from Valby Station where there is train and bus connection to all of Denmark .
LANG_ENG I shop more than three years , less than 20 guests ! ! !
LANG_ENG The Commission therefore confirms that in future Community legislation progress on the common definition should be taken into account and notes that the comitology procedures contained within this proposal also allow for the updating of the definition within this proposal .
LANG_ENG With so called Logical Security Audits card manufacturers and personalization bureaus can prove to MasterCard that they run a security management system which reliably controls all IT-relevant aspects .
LANG_ENG Russia and China will not wait for the EU to make up its mind about whether Kazakhstan is a worthy partner .
LANG_ENG Second , household over-indebtedness in the US , as well as the fall in demand , is localized , as my colleague Amir Sufi and his co-author , Atif Mian , have shown .
LANG_ENG This economic governance package today is better than the Commission &apos;s initial proposal , and it is better because of the many contributions made by the Members of this House .
LANG_ENG " We spent our holidays in the Seychelles 2007 - few days on Mahé then on La ...
LANG_ENG I have received six motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with Rule 110 (2).
LANG_ENG .One cannot but endorse the objective of reducing the number of road traffic accident victims , which is very high (43 000 deaths per year in the European Union).
LANG_ENG Compared to the weather in the UK day temperatures are mostly higher in the Czech Republic .
LANG_ENG Question two: the Barroso Commission has proposed an adjustment fund for cases of globalisation-related restructuring - I am not sure whether the Opel case is included in this - but what exactly is this fund about ?
LANG_ENG It is a small , poor country that desperately needs stability and economic development .
LANG_ENG Cafeteria Albertos on the low floor with pool table and safety deposit boxes for hire .
LANG_ENG It is doubtful whether the advisory committee will have the kind of overall view that will enable it to promote not just mega-projects but also micro-projects .
LANG_ENG This inertia has nothing to do with ideology .
LANG_ENG All the classical results and graphs are automatically displayed .
LANG_ENG We need a clear overview of the results that are achieved in the individual Member States with regard to air emissions , environmental taxes and material flows .
LANG_ENG I do not understand why the United States can have a timetable according to which there will be no single-hull vessels transporting oil in its ports by 2010 and we cannot adopt a similar measure .
LANG_ENG If you are searching for places to stay on the Costa del Sol in Spain , this large apartment in Fuengirola might be right for you . It is in the Lagunas de Mijas Costa , near all kinds of shops and also near the Aquatic Park in Mijas .
LANG_ENG The closer we are to the source ourselves , the more authentic are our actions and the more truthful their intentions .
LANG_ENG I take note of the concerns expressed in the report on the role of the ERG .
LANG_ENG Beyond the short-term challenges ahead , we all have a duty to profoundly change the way we prepare our children to cope with today " s new world .
LANG_ENG I hope that they will also have the support of the House .
LANG_ENG This is as true for operations like product innovation , solution development and production as it is for value-supporting processes such as environmental stewardship , employee management , and supplier management .
LANG_ENG Reservations The New York Helmsley Hotel have to be cancelled 96 hours before Arrival Date Please take into account that the Date of Arrival starts at 0.00 am (CET .).Cancellations must be received at the latest 4 days before arrival .
LANG_ENG It emerges from a president " s confidence that , as a popularly elected leader , he should not be constrained by the Supreme Leader " s oversight .
LANG_ENG Without prejudice of terms of the Italian Consumer Code (decree no . 206 of the 6.9.2005) a right of return is excluded as foodstuffs are concerned .
LANG_ENG Bella Vista Hotel is a modern , newly built establishment in Saint Paul &apos;s Bay , Malta .
LANG_ENG The new year will pose great challenges for us .
LANG_ENG With its decision in favor of the mission in Lebanon , the EU crossed a military Rubicon .
LANG_ENG mydns -- DNS server using MySQL for data storage .
LANG_ENG Much emphasis has been put in our discussions here on the fact that human rights are being violated .
LANG_ENG Featuring an iconic design with clean lines and gloss black finish the Epson PX700W will integrate seamlessly into any living environment .
LANG_ENG Europe &apos;s strength lies in the diversity of its peoples and cultures .
LANG_ENG We are fifteen Member States with different traditions but working together we can help to close the door on child abuse and ensure there is no hiding place in the EU for child offenders .
LANG_ENG Only the head , hands and shoe-clad feet are carved from wood , with the faces wearing fixed expressions , while the bodies are fully clothed with their stances changeable .
LANG_ENG CSF analysis typically gives a profile of granulocytic pleocytosis (&gt; 1,000 cells / µl); protein of &gt; 120 mg / dL; glucose of 3.5 mmol / L &#91; 73 &#93; , &#91; 75 &#93; , &#91; 76 &#93; .
LANG_ENG This is a major work presenting many masterpieces of international renown and yet more remaining to be discovered .
LANG_ENG The European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction in Lisbon also points this out at the end of the introductory summary in its report , which I think Mr Catania should read .
LANG_ENG You know our views here: we are ready to open up financing possibilities for the Member States , if they think they need them .
LANG_ENG Today , one third of all cancers are preventable .
LANG_ENG Situated in the heart of Freiburg , directly between the main railway station and the Old Town , this 4-star hotel is a beautiful building with historic charm and all modern amenities .
LANG_ENG Camping in Argentina is not only to put up your tent on the campside , but also to take a room in ...
LANG_ENG But the town &apos;s crowning glory is the Cathedral , built over a period of 300 years .
LANG_ENG Because of that the products development cycles shorten and products correspond to the customers requirements .
LANG_ENG Business - tourism in foreign countries , Tourism and leisure , Business - tourism in country , Individual tourism , Domestic tourism , Tourism Events , International traveling-in tourism , Corporate tourism , Cruises , Recreational tourism .
LANG_ENG Use the " Random Pick " facility of Keno Xperiment to take all the stress away for one or five games .
LANG_ENG Canal del Este and Rio de la Plata .
LANG_ENG In addition , where subjects which , in the ordinary Council , would be taken by a qualified majority , go to the European Council , they should similarly be dealt with by a qualified majority in the European Council .
LANG_ENG And where does the problem lie ?
LANG_ENG  (Parliament adopted the common position thus amended) 
LANG_ENG Diamant remains associated with the homeland despite globalisation and internationalisation of the markets - and sets signals .
LANG_ENG We must be politically courageous enough to seek far-reaching solutions and institute the reforms the Union badly needs .
LANG_ENG You will be immediately notified when your translation is ready .
LANG_ENG Fujiyama with its snow-capped peak , Japan &apos;s highest and holy mountain , is always within view .
LANG_ENG Lastly , I call on Russia to support the EU and the US in preventing nuclear proliferation by Iran .
LANG_ENG Apart from a large swimmingpool and the playground keeping your children busy , our beach is well suited for everyone as the water is shallow and the sandy ground is safe and flat .
LANG_ENG The cosmopolitans tend to be increasingly wealthy , and their wealth helps mark them as cosmopolitan .
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at The Kingsley a Thistle Hotel (formerly Thistle Bloomsbury).
LANG_ENG This is an important contribution to transparency and accountability .
LANG_ENG It is of quite fundamental relevance to us .
LANG_ENG The local elections in Tbilisi in May will be a test of these commitments , and the local elections will be very important as the Tbilisi mayor will be - for the first time - elected by direct suffrage .
LANG_ENG By default every channel and thus every color value is visible .
LANG_ENG The only existing print of this classic survived in Japan where the film received a cinema release and was preserved by the National Film Center .
LANG_ENG The two main purposes of the directive are , on the one hand , the approximation of national laws so that a single market for food supplements can be created , and , on the other , to establish an appropriate level of consumer protection in all Member States .
LANG_ENG Why are we persisting in pointing the finger at Togo and casting aspersions on the current democratic process instead of helping a country which has sought the help of the European Union in this process ?
LANG_ENG For Catalans , whether French or Spanish , it means that we once again have a common currency , which has not been the case since the disastrous Treaty of the Pyrenees in 1659 .
LANG_ENG For Firefox users , there is an extension Delicious (plugin adding options to the browser) that lets you integrate Delicious directly into your browser).
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Ramada Viking Hotel .
LANG_ENG I think the procedure has to change if we are to have dialogue , proper debates and proper attendance .
LANG_ENG The need to strengthen the regulatory framework has also been expressed by the OLAF Supervisory Committee and in the work in progress in Cocobu , in particular in Mr Bösch &apos;s report .
LANG_ENG Issues such as this are always kept under review .
LANG_ENG Tylco Byg ApS originated from the initial area of activity of the group when installation works were not carried out due to natural seasonal variations .
LANG_ENG A group calling itself the " European Liner Affairs Association " has come up with some good proposals , which contain not only a markedly more limited exemption , but also unambiguous rules to protect small and medium-sized enterprises .
LANG_ENG As a little twist in the tail , and with your permission , Mr President , I should like to present the compliments of one of my fellow countrymen . He is pursuing a more European policy than most , at least just at the moment .
LANG_ENG South Tyrolean cuisine can be described as a &quot; symbiosis of Alpine and Mediterranean &quot; as we find genuine traditional dishes and light Mediterranean dishes .
LANG_ENG Of course , there is a prominent example of just that: Kofi Annan , under whose stewardship the UN has undergone a remarkable improvement .
LANG_ENG The AI department was founded in 1991 .
LANG_ENG I should emphasise that this House is sovereign .
LANG_ENG - (EL) Madam President , a short while ago we heard the discussion on Palestine .
LANG_ENG For much time , I found that this age a neurosis , an illness , but - for being one to feel lasting , that it persists - I arrived at the conclusion that is true , yes !
LANG_ENG Mr President , today we are debating the difference between reform and destruction , between helping the developing world and enriching the powerful forces in the global sugar market .
LANG_ENG Users who decide to unsubscribe to our newsletter service may opt out of receiving these communications by unsubscribing on our page &quot; Info-Service / E-mail &quot; .
LANG_ENG It has not yet been approved by the Commission , but I hope it will be a major step forward .
LANG_ENG 12 And I give unto them a name that never shall be blotted out , except it be through a transgression .
LANG_ENG It also introduces new institutions , such as President of the European Council and High Representative for Foreign Policy .
LANG_ENG We believe that there are several reasons for their inclusion .
LANG_ENG artistic nude photographs , lingerie photos and erotic art photography for private customers (women only).
LANG_ENG 7 . Communication infrastructure for the Schengen Information System environment (decision) (vote) 
LANG_ENG Dave , Hester and George had been invited for the interview and there hadn &apos;t been any space left for anybody else in the tiny studio in the Admiralspalast .
LANG_ENG If that is the case , it will not succeed .
LANG_ENG In addition to the aforementioned Hamburg groups , international collectives are invited , whose explicit space-appropriating work can be understood as a &quot; constitutive praxis &quot; .
LANG_ENG I wish to express my concern and make a protest , since we did not have the time to examine more questions .
LANG_ENG Below you will find a brief description of the selection tools of the most popular photo editors .
LANG_ENG For the Italian state , interest-rate convergence brought a medium-term reduction in debt-service payments of up to 6% of GDP .
LANG_ENG We are sure that you will still have much to contribute to Europe in whatever you do in the months and the years ahead .
LANG_ENG The Foundation considers it an important aim to help solve social issues of strategic importance through professional training , information , and research .
LANG_ENG 3 Yet I will own them , and they shall be a mine in that day when I shall come to make up my jewels .
LANG_ENG Two pillars are being proposed: direct payments and rural development .
LANG_ENG With Jean Monnet in mind , we can dream to our heart &apos;s content .
LANG_ENG The Chitlin Circuit was an important phase of Jimi &apos;s career , since the refinement of his style and blues roots occurred there .
LANG_ENG Even if the way animated of mounts the casino is close much strait , the hotel in itself is calm and to rest .
LANG_ENG January 6 - The United States Congress , presided over by Vice President Al Gore as President of the Senate , certifies George W. Bush &apos; s Electoral College victory and thus as the winner of 2000 presidential election .
LANG_ENG Mr Gollnisch , my services tell me that the Minutes will be tabled for approval at 3 p.m. today .
LANG_ENG We &apos;re looking forward to hearing from you . Thank you very much for your interest in Allocatus .
LANG_ENG IS MOLDED FROM LIGHTWEIGHT EVA MATERIAL WITH COMFORT ENHANCING PANELING AND A PREMOLDED , ANATOMICALLY SHAPED TONGUE .
LANG_ENG Copy and paste this line of code into one of your pages and reload that page in your browser !
LANG_ENG I hope that we can also make that clear in the Constitution once it has been ratified .
LANG_ENG In 1765 , Achenwall became court counsellor of the Royal British and the Electoral court of Braunschweig - Lüneburg . With financial support from the king he travelled to Switzerland and France in 1751 and to Holland and England in 1759 .
LANG_ENG These contain expressions such as &quot; blood-drinker &quot; and so on , which cause a great deal of strange ideas and bad impressions for newcomers and visiting parents .
LANG_ENG The menu is well cared and strictly updated according to the seasons , proposing tipical tuscan dishes as well as international cuisine , in order to match the taste of the majority of our guests .
LANG_ENG On the other hand , though , it is also a highly critical report , and its criticism is levelled both at the Member States &apos; authorities which produce and implement the programmes and at the Commission .
LANG_ENG Just 200 metres away is a sports and spa centre featuring a swimming pool , to enjoy .
LANG_ENG With the support of the FMG - Spidertech ™ Integrated System technology - the production of a more refined , lighter and more durable product is guaranteed .
LANG_ENG We also have to consider whether discrimination against farmers who grow tobacco , rather than helping to develop our rural areas , will not lead , in certain regions of the European Union , to even greater economic collapse and the growth of unemployment .
LANG_ENG The new British Government is committed to making a success of European cooperation , and our presidency will be an affirmation of this .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG This fundamental principle has led to the development and implementation of new business areas in Germany .
LANG_ENG Mrs Ahlqvist , the rapporteur , showed that very clearly .
LANG_ENG The EU must therefore strive to ensure that healthy and nutritious foods are financially and physically accessible to all EU citizens , enabling them to lead an active and healthy life .
LANG_ENG In most restaurants and shops credit cards are accepted , but this can vary and we recommend you to always check first if you wish to pay with a credit card .
LANG_ENG The sources of the funding include both programmed funds under the envelope of the European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument (ENPI) and crisis instruments , such as the Instrument for Stability , Humanitarian Aid and Macro-Financial Assistance .
LANG_ENG I refer in particular to farmers in countries which are still BSE-free and to meat product companies , abattoirs etc . , all of which are struggling or fear for their existence .
LANG_ENG Secondly , I must tell you that you have notified us , but what good is the Council " s commitment with regard to the financial perspectives ?
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Hélios Opéra .
LANG_ENG The postal employee completes the form with the information required for the rental proposal and based on the identity document provided by the renter , collects the fixed inscription premium of CHF 231.- , and then transfers the file to us .
LANG_ENG But won " t an increasingly indebted government have to pay ever-higher interest rates , so that debt-service costs eventually consume its entire revenue ?
LANG_ENG It is true that quite often all we do is talk , and it is true that we must and should do more than just talk .
LANG_ENG The protected workshop Gerlich has been making plastic veterinary and insemination equipment since 1999 .
LANG_ENG Proposals to perform in Germany on other dates will have priority during the whole summer period .
LANG_ENG Helvetica , though , is widely installed among Apple computers , and it looks very similar to Arial , so Helvetica is listed second .
LANG_ENG 0 votes &#124; 866 views &#124; 3 com .
LANG_ENG The ship now requires repairs , but as you do not carry spare parts you are stuck on the planet .
LANG_ENG I have a political mandate from my electors to resist this concentration of power in the EU , but not in areas .
LANG_ENG You will be given a baggage file reference number , which you should keep safe .
LANG_ENG The hotel does not have a restaurant .
LANG_ENG They were a day too late .
LANG_ENG In the evening you relax watching a film or tasting a good glass of wine . If you like more the companionship , come to our lounge and have fun with some board games .
LANG_ENG As has already been mentioned , the refugees &apos; plight remains precarious .
LANG_ENG Services of advisers in marketing and ...
LANG_ENG The Presidency notes the recommendations in the Commission " s reports .
LANG_ENG But clearly the upper ceiling for transit lorries was part of the agreement from the outset .
LANG_ENG Relax together in a double bath surrounded by candles ad floating petals , a steam shower for 2 and a private sauna .
LANG_ENG A lot of freeware and trial downloads are waiting .
LANG_ENG We are all aware of the carnage that occurred in Srebrenica in 1995 .
LANG_ENG Enlargement will certainly not improve this situation , as it will further fragment the European judicial area , increase the number of administrative bodies involved in the management of Community funds and accordingly increase the risk of fraud .
LANG_ENG One might have expected something else in an area where we are working to counteract revenge and the settling of scores .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Madam Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , in its communication on a Europe of Knowledge the Commission provides guidelines for the next generation of European training programmes .
LANG_ENG Hopefully , the situation will now remain stable , so that the campaigning and second round of elections can proceed peacefully and in a way that respects the democratic process .
LANG_ENG Thirdly , on the subject of enlargement , the only way of inspiring confidence is through observance of the rules and consistency in our negotiations .
LANG_ENG In this sense , I consider that the two reports are , at best , wish lists , especially the report which refers to the impact of the crisis .
LANG_ENG Therefore , the rapporteur cannot support those amendments which would represent profound structural changes to the institutional architecture of the Union .
LANG_ENG Europe must unite behind the action of the Italian Government , which is using every legitimate form of political and diplomatic pressure and legal recourse so that justice may be done .
LANG_ENG Memorial sites: the Institute devotes particular attention to the role of historic museums and the memorial sites of World War II , starting from the Partisan Republic Museum in Montefiorino , which is directed by the Institute .
LANG_ENG Although it was a big improvement , some articles raised doubts - Article 301 , first and foremost .
LANG_ENG The beautiful valley of Kashmir has always been famous for its craftsmanship .
LANG_ENG All REITs contained in the before mentioned indices have to be listed in the REIT-segment of Deutsche Börse .
LANG_ENG When would you like to stay at the Tulip Inn Düsseldorf Arena (Superior)?
LANG_ENG In his new position , Jens Böhlke reports directly to the executive board . Caroline Theissen , the former head of the unit , resigned from MetaDesign in October .
LANG_ENG So you know our intentions , we are exploring the possibility of presenting a free live broadcast either every week or twice a month translated into about ten languages .
LANG_ENG The information will be combined in an XML file .
LANG_ENG Marc Brockschmidt wondered about the proper way to handle packages removed between two releases .
LANG_ENG Vicolo Gatto is a few tens of yards down on the left . There is also an entrance on Via Massalongo itself .
LANG_ENG The cochlea is a snail shaped structure (&quot; kokhlias &quot; is the Greek word for snail) that is the sensory organ of hearing .
LANG_ENG Dolby Digital , also known as AC-3 , is the most widely adopted audio format for both cinemas and today &apos;s DVD-V , making it the number one choice for delivering surround sound to millions of home theaters around the globe .
LANG_ENG It is also good that the EU institutions provide information about their activities and about the rights and duties attendant on European citizenship .
LANG_ENG This campsite is situated in the new Aquapark that has opened gates in May 2004 .
LANG_ENG Montreal has a free WiFi program called Ile Sans Fil (Wireless Island), look for the sticker in cafe and restaurant windows .
LANG_ENG It may well be that such painful deviations from agreed principles will be reflected in an eventual comprehensive settlement , but prejudging these issues before the beginning of negotiations denies the Palestinians some of their most important bargaining chips .
LANG_ENG If you are denied entry into any country , you will be responsible to pay any fine or charge assessed against us by the Government concerned and for the cost of transporting you from that country .
LANG_ENG The responsibilities work both ways .
LANG_ENG I t " s important to identify needs before you implement a training solution .
LANG_ENG The iQ is promoted as a 3 + 1 layout because the presence of the steering column and instrument cluster force the driver &apos;s seat to be further back - limiting the already small rear seat behind it .
LANG_ENG Start the LiveZilla Server Admin and enter the User Management form of the regarding LiveZilla Server .
LANG_ENG Our Union , now enlarged to twenty-five countries , has greater political , geographical and economic substance .
LANG_ENG SEARCH ACCOMMODATION - Open our property database and pick accommodation by your choice , send enquiry directly to accommodation owners .
LANG_ENG When the Council raises the argument of subsidiarity , I believe there is a misunderstanding somewhere .
LANG_ENG And nature is telling us that our current economic model is dangerous and self-defeating .
LANG_ENG With every landscape You reveal Your deepest being and open the door to Your eternal temple .
LANG_ENG Select the other options also , if any .
LANG_ENG Breakfast is available from 07: 00 to 10: 00 .
LANG_ENG We are also in the process of preparing a specific AIDS programme which , if it is adopted , will be managed through the same channels and will be worth about the same as the humanitarian aid which we are currently distributing .
LANG_ENG In Italy , in particular , we have problems with HIV , HAA , and HCV , which are the markers of hepatitis and AIDS .
LANG_ENG It is worth bearing in mind that the ultimate aim is to ensure that European citizens can seek justice in the courts and authorities of any Member State as easily as they can in their own country .
LANG_ENG Sylvain Coeur from Grenoble , France , with a staggering 178.200 - the average is 70,000 chips .
LANG_ENG We have been elected by this Parliament , so we have the right to express our opinion .
LANG_ENG The church is located about 60 km to the north-northwest of Munich - two or three days &apos; travel from Munich at the time .
LANG_ENG Take Belgium , where the call for Flemish independence is getting louder .
LANG_ENG All stringing data of a certain racquet can be stored in the memory of the computer.The name of the customer can be entered in the &quot; customer data screen .
LANG_ENG Based on the current course of business , the Company expects to record EBIT of around EUR 5.0 m and earnings per share of around EUR 0.60 for the financial year as a whole , down on its initial forecasts .
LANG_ENG As was apparent in the negotiations that have just taken place , they were all too quickly bogged down by what wordings we could or could not use in such a resolution .
LANG_ENG Therefore , it can be that I " m a bit hard to reach during the next days and weeks; especially via Internet , as I " m also changing my access provider .
LANG_ENG Under its provisions , traders will have to provide clear and accurate information in a timely manner and , failing that , a consumer cannot be bound by distance or off-premises contracts .
LANG_ENG I would also like to emphasise that we had to battle for a long time within this Parliament merely to ensure that such a basic right as access to contraception could be mentioned .
LANG_ENG The fully renovated cottage can accommodate up to 22 people in optimum comfort .
LANG_ENG There " s always plenty to discover at Lindner Hotels and Resorts ...
LANG_ENG The Commission could play a very important role in the exchange of experience .
LANG_ENG Those aromatic fruits , which we know from the supermarket , reach us to this season of the year from Australia , New Zealand , and Italy .
LANG_ENG If so , get involved .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG It is quite reasonable that the Mongols would support the reincarnation of their Mongol Fourth Dalai Lama .
LANG_ENG The construction of Montevideo took six years (1724-1730).
LANG_ENG Ever since that fateful day , the members of the Cenarion Circle have kept a close watch on the wastes from their base at Cenarion Hold at the center of northern Silithus .
LANG_ENG The high point of the Halloween festival will be the event zone at the Oblivion Shrine .
LANG_ENG We must not be hypocritical: we need such a body .
LANG_ENG Equal opportunities means allowing all children born on European soil to become European citizens and to enjoy the right of nationality of the country in which they are born .
LANG_ENG Occasionally you can get a fisherman who has been out on a scientific boat for a week - I spoke to one recently in Shetland - and he comes back and tells you that his viewpoint has changed .
LANG_ENG precio calidad y la ubicacion , ademas tiene un parking en la entrada que facilita el aparcamiento .
LANG_ENG I share Mr Corbett &apos; s view that if the rapporteurs had not done such a good job then Parliament would in all probability have recommended voting against Nice .
LANG_ENG Let them eat it and then they will not be hungry !
LANG_ENG We are confronted by a paradox: rebuild the old with radically modern methods .
LANG_ENG The report rightly congratulates Commissioner Monti and his staff on their approach .
LANG_ENG Clearly the Commission has given some consideration to this problem and I am pleased that these reports which have been produced so far have looked carefully at the issue .
LANG_ENG . - For several years now , the ΕU has been systematically promoting the penetration of big business into a series of sectors in public ownership and under public control (energy , telecommunications , railways , post offices and so on).
LANG_ENG Mr President , we will be voting today on a report on the need for an EU strategy for the South Caucasus .
LANG_ENG Global Account Manager at Sun Microsystems .
LANG_ENG We hope and we are convinced that the directive will have a positive impact on the daily commercial transactions of all businesses , whether these are large multinationals or small and medium-sized undertakings .
LANG_ENG Turn left at Place de la Porte Maillot towards Porte Maillot - Palais des Congrès .
LANG_ENG Decisions concerning certain documents: see Minutes
LANG_ENG Dialog screens can contain both input and output fields .
LANG_ENG The garlic producers have raised the possibility of setting a maximum world trading quota , and of even setting a deterrent tariff barrier for quantities above this maximum world trading quota .
LANG_ENG However , subsidiarity allows of some splendid arguments .
LANG_ENG Ideally located for tourism or Night Stage . Crau Hotel in Arles , welcomes you all year .
LANG_ENG They represent a hope for millions of workers , unemployed people and landless agricultural workers , and for all the victims of this capitalist world order that the WTO wishes to force on us .
LANG_ENG What is more , tourism in itself generates a very heavy demand for substantial forms of infrastructure , most prominent among which are not only airports but also sea ports and main roads , as well as smaller roads serving tourist destinations and other places to visit .
LANG_ENG Are we prepared to take specific action against speculative , shortterm capital movements and to create a framework of global rules governing such movements ?
LANG_ENG Use this image to burn a CD and install IPFire from it .
LANG_ENG Accompanying children are welcome from 09: 00 until 12: 00 , and from 14: 00 until 17: 00).
LANG_ENG Villa Basilewsky recently erected by the Russian princess herself Olga Basilewsky , this holiday home entirely constructed by hand-chiselled stone , extracted from the nearby caves of the Torrente Sestaione , accomplished by the architect Vincenzo Govigli .
LANG_ENG HOME &#124; SKATEPARK CONSTRUCTION &#124; SKATEPARK DESIGNS &#124; WHY TECHRAMPS ?
LANG_ENG Member of the Commission . - (EL) Madam President , it is a top priority for the Commission to conclude a far-reaching international agreement on climate change , covering the period after 2012 .
LANG_ENG The analysis of Europarl TV , to see if it is effective or not , is also welcome .
LANG_ENG But a year or more after the Pope &apos;s visit , when there were such great hopes of improvement , the people of Cuba have less freedom than ever .
LANG_ENG By being aligned with the beat of the measure , its implementation is simpler than the Upbeat .
LANG_ENG They are taught Slovak by Hungarian speaking teachers who are not proficient in the Slovak language .
LANG_ENG Very good location , very close to a nice park and not far from Piaza del Popolo .
LANG_ENG It is clear that , unlike the Council , the European Parliament after painstaking debate has been able to adopt coherent positions on the issues arising under Agenda 2000 .
LANG_ENG However , what the regulations do not allow is for one question to be answered with another .
LANG_ENG So he regularly presents papers , tutorials , talks etc. on conferences , workshops , international meetings and other events .
LANG_ENG When allowing external access to your machine you should consider setting up a Firewall .
LANG_ENG Please be advised that there is no elevator in the building .
LANG_ENG You have to respect the national ratification procedures .
LANG_ENG But I am standing up for the rights of a parliament to take a vote on something which must in principle exist as a whole .
LANG_ENG We cordially thank both members of the computing center of the Catholic University Eichstätt-Ingolstadt .
LANG_ENG Transnational forces , states , and non-state actors are all involved , and their goals are complex and sometimes contradictory , with no universal commitment to preserving the status quo .
LANG_ENG For example , there are al lot of trains connecting Innsbruck to Milan in about 5 hours covering a distance of approximately 500 Km .
LANG_ENG Going long with tight stops may turn out to pay off today .
LANG_ENG The results for extreme pessimism were skewed in the opposite direction: 14% of Sunnis thought things were as bad as could be , while only 2% of Kurds and 3% of Shi " ites shared this opinion .
LANG_ENG This is my first point .
LANG_ENG Founded in the beginning of 2001 in partnership with the F.A.Z.
LANG_ENG Kuusamo belongs to the first dry areas of the post-glacial era and was ready to receive its first inhabitants .
LANG_ENG Our philosophy - a heyday for your senses - has your complete well-being in mind .
LANG_ENG Personalised service , beach location and warm cordiality make it the ideal Hotel for those who wish something more ... .
LANG_ENG In the ground floor is a big breakfast room .
LANG_ENG This is a clear illustration that Turkey is not ready .
LANG_ENG Fortunately , as Sir Neil said , we now have a number of organisations which are working very hard in this sector and the situation has improved .
LANG_ENG One of the tutorials offered is an introduction to flame retardant technology for coatings .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I support the excellent work done , and I wish to thank Mrs Gál and Mrs Kósáné Kovács for it .
LANG_ENG This is a restrictive view of the right to housing - a right that ought to become universal and effective for all .
LANG_ENG Election campaigns will indeed be funded .
LANG_ENG Once you blur that distinction , it seems to me that you are on a very slippery slope indeed .
LANG_ENG By starting the work very early , the Spanish authorities are taking the responsibility for any appeals to the Court of Justice for , for example , not respecting current legislation on the environment .
LANG_ENG Due to its great location , its guests can easily reach the local convention centre , the Reed Messee Salzburg exhibition centre , the motorway and the public transportation system .
LANG_ENG The bad news is that the prospects for just about every other sort of conflict are high and the international agenda is both crowded and demanding .
LANG_ENG Don &apos;t share this key with others -- if you do they will be able to impersonate your hidden service .
LANG_ENG The stated goal now is to make Taiwan a prosperous and safe society based on the Three Principles of the People by Sun Yat-sen , and to make Republic of China a free , democratic , and evenly rich nation .
LANG_ENG The provisional results from a survey of the visiting public shows that the Geneva International Motor Show rates as the most international in the world with around 40% arriving from outside Switzerland .
LANG_ENG We should be prepared also to respond to this type of appeal when the time is right .
LANG_ENG In the Czech Republic , we have the Vietnamese .
LANG_ENG Most sight gag s fit into one or more of these categories .
LANG_ENG This cross-promotion can also be used very effectively for our advertising partners .
LANG_ENG The draft resolution does , however , acknowledge that the Barcelona process has brought - and I quote: &apos; considerable progress to this region ... through the building of political , economic , social and cultural relationships between the northern and southern Mediterranean &apos; .
LANG_ENG Restaurant , Bar , 24-Hour Front Desk , Newspapers , Non-Smoking Rooms , Elevator , Safety Deposit Box , Soundproofed Rooms , Heating , Design Hotel , Luggage Storage , Gay Friendly , All Public and Private spaces non-smoking , Airconditioning .
LANG_ENG We offer the best location - Marketplace is the most beautiful part of the city and has best location .
LANG_ENG It is ironic that Madrid , located right in the center of Spain is known in the country as the &quot; Best port in Spain &quot; having higher quality seafood than most coastal regions .
LANG_ENG It happens that on US territory , in accordance with US legislation , data transmitted for commercial reasons is used for security purposes .
LANG_ENG The situation is not as clear-cut as that .
LANG_ENG Note: Early morning and late night news release may differ significantly from the time of your terminal and the time zone - be careful , I do not give advice on the news this time out without the high proportion of the probability of currency news pairs .
LANG_ENG For decades we have been acquiring , researching , discovering and developing specialized know-how on the topic of rail vehicles - and you can reap the benefits !
LANG_ENG In response , he devoted his full vigor to the development of the multitronic computer system to create a successful artificial intelligence .
LANG_ENG Greeting from all of us at Brooklands-Grange Hotel .
LANG_ENG For generations we have taken care of the sustainable growth of institutional investors " property portfolios and well off private clients " housing estates .
LANG_ENG Welcome to the Brunet Hotels , a Family &amp; Wellness Resort like no other of its kind in Trentino .
LANG_ENG I should also like to underline , further to this morning &apos;s debate , that Parliament is fully prepared to cooperate with the European Central Bank in its task of maintaining price stability .
LANG_ENG Thank you , Mr Rübig .
LANG_ENG A weapon which , together with anti-personnel mines , makes enormous areas of our planet uninhabitable .
LANG_ENG This will lead to unnecessary triplication rather than duplication , an increase in bureaucracy and , more worryingly , confusion .
LANG_ENG However , the fact that many Member States are having to deal with high levels of unemployment , particularly among young people , is deliberately ignored .
LANG_ENG It claimed the lives of 222 750 people and forced around 1.7 million to leave their homes .
LANG_ENG This also makes it more urgent for the Commission to adopt direct measures to combat the adulteration of products such as olive oil , wine and dairy produce .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I would like to thank the Council and the Commission for having responded to comments that the rapporteur has not even made yet .
LANG_ENG Nearby Triglav National Park offers plenty of excellent hiking opportunities . In particular , the scenic Vintgar Gorge is only 4.5km away from Bled .
LANG_ENG Our meetings , debates and conciliation procedures have all left me feeling very satisfied .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG Therefore I have voted against .
LANG_ENG The collection shines with masterpieces of all epochs from pre-history to Greek-Roman times .
LANG_ENG However , the track was not without its difficulties for the premier class competitors , as Valentino Rossi found out to his cost in a first-lap collision with Randy de Puniet .
LANG_ENG The difficulty is , however , who pays those costs after hours in cities where football hooligans are still engaged in activities .
LANG_ENG The new software review shows that Microsoft Office Live Meeting 2007 has made substantial progress on the existing test winners from WebEx and Citrix .
LANG_ENG Clearly , this may appear to be an attractive idea in itself , in view of what that man has done .
LANG_ENG Such a move would not have a positive impact on EU-Iceland relations .
LANG_ENG During a relaxing horse carriage ride through the natural variety of vistas , you can fully enjoy the views and impressions .
LANG_ENG Can the Commission give details of the work done by the EU in HIV / AIDS prevention and treatment in South Africa ?
LANG_ENG Art is a useful resource to grow and to promote a territory not only from a cultural point of view , but also from a social , economic and therefore tourism perspective .
LANG_ENG Participation in the pilot requires a firm , three-year commitment from the district . Once a district enters the pilot , it cannot withdraw .
LANG_ENG In the arvo we climbed another waterfall in Joffre Gorge for a refreshing swim which was very welcome . As if this wasn &apos;t adventurous enough , I then decided to do a canyoning tour .
LANG_ENG As you might have noticed , it took us a bit longer to get started on the applications . Why ?
LANG_ENG It has been done with this purpose , so that we can try to speed up the process of achieving a more effective single market .
LANG_ENG Her first song recorded was in Japan , but she only caught the attention of Americans when she released the song &quot; Reflection &quot; for the Disney animated production of Mulan . The video clip featured a young Christina with a bob hair cut .
LANG_ENG What remains is an increasing ephemeral interest that is chased after even more fiercely .
LANG_ENG . (PT) Although I believe that creating a genuine European area of free movement and genuinely defining the Union &apos;s citizens &apos; right to residence justify promoting a coherent and articulate policy , I have had to vote against the report .
LANG_ENG As has already been mentioned , these regions have enormous potential , as regards their natural resources , for example .
LANG_ENG However , with the implementation of the large internal market , there have been more and more court cases brought by private competitors against towns and local authorities .
LANG_ENG  (Service Design) The framework of Policy , Processes , Standards , Guidelines and tools that ensures an Organisation can achieve its Information Security Management Objectives .
LANG_ENG Was This entry posted on 09 / 12 / 2009 at 9 / 12 / 2009 and is filed under Science and Future .
LANG_ENG Now we have to shape the right future for Europe , its economy and its society .
LANG_ENG 700 bar), and new methods must be developed in this regard .
LANG_ENG This big-heartedness stands out starkly against the PPE " s plans for Afghanistan .
LANG_ENG And it offers you an ideal platform to present your products and services in a sales-conducive setting .
LANG_ENG How can that be acceptable when the healthcare and disease pressures are so enormous there ?
LANG_ENG in writing . - (SV) The June List has chosen to vote against the report and several of the amendments .
LANG_ENG However , we are prepared to discuss , in close cooperation with the Member States , the costs , potential benefits and added value of a raw material stockpiling programme .
LANG_ENG One day , when our membership has risen from 15 to a greater number of States , our clout will increase , and I believe that the link with the roots of the Union &apos; s legitimacy in its Member States is an essential democratic requirement .
LANG_ENG I ask you , Mr President-in-Office , how can national sovereignty be levelled against the requirements of citizens &apos; security ?
LANG_ENG The results of error has occurred .
LANG_ENG This shall also apply , if either individual claims for payment or all of HAMM " s claims for payment have been included in a current account , and the balance was struck and accepted .
LANG_ENG Speak to a member of the Customer Support team via Live Chat .
LANG_ENG The company employs 92,000 people worldwide in 120 countries , 2,500 of which are in Russia .
LANG_ENG The lion &apos;s share of the responsibility , however , lies with the political players and the political class .
LANG_ENG Tudesday we offer the magician ' s show with Magic Moritz at 4.30 pm in the restaurant " Jagdhof " .
LANG_ENG Our shop has a broad selection of groceries .
LANG_ENG To convert a Persian date into a Gregorian one first find the column in which the Persian number of the year is to be found .
LANG_ENG If you do not receive the automatically and instantly generated mail with the trial key , please check your spam filter settings first .
LANG_ENG Are there advantages of a product marked as being patented ?
LANG_ENG A list of speakers is here .
LANG_ENG 2 is situated on the second floor , is 60 m2 in size , and can sleep 4 to 6 people .
LANG_ENG The Commission &apos; s e-Europe action plan , for its part , is designed to ensure that the information society also serves to further the aim of social integration .
LANG_ENG Consequently , there should be a relatively high threshold for European intervention .
LANG_ENG It can occur naturally to such an extent that you are recommended not to use it for your children because it could affect their teeth .
LANG_ENG gnomad2 -- Manage a Creative Labs Nomad Jukebox .
LANG_ENG Dr. Ronald Grisell , who travelled to Iran in 1983 , sought and was granted permission to visit the Maktab Tarighat Oveyssi Shahmaghsoudi Oveyssi School at Sufi-Abad of Karaj .
LANG_ENG On flights of 2 hours flightime and longer on our Airbus A-320s and A-321s we show humorous video clips; for flight times of 3 hours and above there are feature films on the programme .
LANG_ENG The islanders believe he is an American pilot that returned to the United States after the war , and will come back to Tanna with riches from the US that they call " the Cargo " .
LANG_ENG Unfortunately , they have their legal bases in two different pillars , the first and the third .
LANG_ENG The human aspect of the situation is often overlooked , especially in case of serious damages: which is Giesse " s approach ?
LANG_ENG The hotel has 299 renovated , spacious and contemporary rooms . They offer free , high-speed internet access , underfloor heating in the bathroom and individually controlled air conditioning .
LANG_ENG He stated the outlook was set fair .
LANG_ENG Translation Memory , or TM , is widely used in the translation industry to help reduce costs and improve consistency .
LANG_ENG The Treaty of Lisbon gives the Union legal grounds to establish intellectual property law , and provides that suitable standards will be adopted under the Ordinary legislative procedure .
LANG_ENG White stove with rose-coloured flower decorations , made ca 1910 .
LANG_ENG The modern take on classical elements - the combining of different stylistic features to form a whole - the shaping of excellent quality cotton to your measurements - these are the qualities that FRANSen embodies with such flair .
LANG_ENG Key features include vibration damping , along with easy clutch operation and steering .
LANG_ENG Rackets and tennis balls can be hired at the hotel reception .
LANG_ENG Loyalty Lab joined Nuon and Oxxio in presenting its case , the Alliance Consumer Loyalty Programme , which was nominated for the 2006 Data Quality Award . The very well-attended seminar was organised by DDMA .
LANG_ENG To receive a discount coupon send request at support @ akvis.com . (Notice: you can get a license key for free !
LANG_ENG The VenderAFranceses.com Web site is a member of the The Cube Realty network and enables you to place your real estate ad in 6 languages .
LANG_ENG We recommend doing this in conjunction with player notes to get a good idea of what a player is willing to play with on the river .
LANG_ENG Cooling lubricants have been used for more than 80 years already .
LANG_ENG Create your own multimedia blog complete with photos , videos , and great ideas to exchange with other My Nero community members .
LANG_ENG New stocks are acquired , and existing gaps filled .
LANG_ENG First of all , he promises openness and modernity; openness is incredibly important , since ECHO is among the highest-profile organisations of the European Union .
LANG_ENG By default , the ViewRenderer action helper is enabled .
LANG_ENG The relatively small weight will not only make the young new generation professional happy .
LANG_ENG heterotopias , are presented as privileged , forbidden or sacred places within our society , spaces that mark out a space of transition , crisis or deviation . Crisis heterotopias , assigned by Foucault above all to so-called primitive societies , are privileged , sacred or forbidden places .
LANG_ENG And the grown old grandmothers recollect with heat as banal birthday of the small relative has turned once to a fascinating marathon .
LANG_ENG Those peoples and other originals and migrants located in the northwest of our country will offer food and original crafts at fair prices to the participants of the encampment .
LANG_ENG Products of the own farm add the special touch to the extraordinary taste of the substantial south tyrolean cuisine .
LANG_ENG We shall have the pleasure of welcoming Commissioner Kroes and also Martin Bartenstein , the Austrian Federal Minister for Economic Affairs and Labour , to this event .
LANG_ENG When stocking your box we will be glad to help you make your selection from wide variety of quality Bohemian , Moravian and selected international wines .
LANG_ENG He went with a friend to meet a supposed gay man .
LANG_ENG Or children who can beat a defenseless toddler to death , like the tragic story of Jamie Bulger ?
LANG_ENG Welcome to a city with rich history , the sunniest island in Adriatic sea , city Hvar .
LANG_ENG To go back to the 1967 dividing lines , which cut the city in two , is impossible , especially as over 120,000 Israelis now live across the old dividing line .
LANG_ENG The indicator lamp in the button lights up .
LANG_ENG Ideally located in the region of Vans , well-known for its great climbing spots and the &quot; Gorges de l &quot; Ardèche &quot; , the camping offers you sunny holidays .
LANG_ENG Together the code of conduct and the new directive will enhance transparency and fair competition on defence partners in the European Union .
LANG_ENG We desire that you keep this hotel in remembrance by having been made to feel at home in our private and cosy atmosphere .
LANG_ENG I should like to thank Mr Costa for all the work he has done preparing the report .
LANG_ENG From 200 € for two people (3 days / 2 nights) in Bed and Breakfast rooms . Comfort level: 3 ears of corn .
LANG_ENG Come visit a unique European site - Museum Photo Studio Seidel !
LANG_ENG The pillar structure reflects the political distinction made between supranational and intergovernmental areas of cooperation , and the fact that the pillar structure gives rise to a complicated legal situation is not a good enough reason for abolishing it .
LANG_ENG Autumn 2007: after almost a two-year hiatus , the new singer of Nightwish has been chosen , the new album is ready , and a new world tour looms ahead .
LANG_ENG We drive to Playa Blanca in the South of the island where we take the Ferry to Corralejo , north of Fuerteventura .
LANG_ENG Set in-between the two islands is a long natural canal , which is a safe port for fishermen and sailors alike .
LANG_ENG I repeat my offer to inform the Committee on Budgetary Control as soon as possible concerning the proposals that the Commission has made here .
LANG_ENG Gate opening angle is 0 -180 ° .
LANG_ENG The press gave a distinctly negative response to the general outcome , although the leading role of the EU was recognized .
LANG_ENG Their aim is therefore informed by the heteronomy of continuing life and therefore irreducible to a single teleology .
LANG_ENG Each Evaluator ® test rigs are controlled by a powerful PLC .
LANG_ENG The rings act by applying pressure around the cornea and smoothing this area .
LANG_ENG Defragmenting the hard disk is a task avoided by many users , given that generall ...
LANG_ENG If we accept that hydrogen is only an energy carrier , we must remember that its practical application , in fuel cells for example , requires on each occasion the use of other energy sources for its production .
LANG_ENG On our website we use cookies that are stored on your computer by your browser .
LANG_ENG Born in Nagasaki , he continued his studies in Stuttgart and Zürich , where he studied with Konrad Richter and Irwin Gage after attaining a degree in piano performance at the Musashino Academia Musicae in Tokyo .
LANG_ENG I would like to emphasise that , like the European Parliament and other institutions , we knew from the start that our discussions on the discussion paper were to form a basis for the Commission &apos;s submission of legal proposals at a later point in time .
LANG_ENG Israel has to recognise Hamas and initiate dialogue with them , and vice versa - Hamas has to recognise Israel .
LANG_ENG The Nigeria Connection is still earning millions each year with a very simple email scam: Users all over the world are asked to help smuggle huge sums of money out of Africa via their bank accounts in return for large commissions .
LANG_ENG Consequently , it would be absurd for the policy of the Structural Funds to ignore the problems of towns and cities , be they unemployment , crime or quality of life .
LANG_ENG As far as our Chinese partners are concerned , there are two sides to this coin , and it seems to me that we should also take into account the specific challenges that exist for the European market in this area .
LANG_ENG It is definitely a question of where to start .
LANG_ENG We need some fresh tracks (I am not there to get some) or a local balloon photographer .
LANG_ENG To make it more easy to get in contact with GRASS GIS we plan to provide Free data , GRASS RPMs , installation scripts and other interesting stuff around GRASS GIS that we use for our training courses .
LANG_ENG Particularly recommended for big and small is a hike along the adventure trail around the Lake Anterselva , which brings the visitor closer to the animal , plant and mountain world of the Valley of Anterselva .
LANG_ENG Solar and wind power appear to be acceptable , but both are much less reliable than coal , and much more expensive .
LANG_ENG Please note that menu items can only be appended to main menus and import / export menus .
LANG_ENG Classic , Silver , Gold and Service Card - find out more about our topbonus cards , and their benefits .
LANG_ENG One thing is certain - we cannot allow a repeat of food-related scandals .
LANG_ENG Panda Antivirus + Firewall is an antivirus that helps you keep your computer free from attacks from viruses , Trojan horses , worms , etc.This antivirus incorporates TruPrevent technology that detects and blocks all those unknown viruses that can elu ...
LANG_ENG Greece says that it has given all the information to the European Union and European institutions .
LANG_ENG High quality services for Thai and foreign patients .
LANG_ENG Are umbrellas and seating on the beach included in the hotel tariff ?
LANG_ENG The deadline for a reply runs out this week .
LANG_ENG All special requests are subject to availability upon check-in . Special requests cannot be guaranteed and may incur additional charges .
LANG_ENG What are the crucial elements relating to the task force and its outcome that you believe should be included in these conclusions in order to achieve stronger economic governance and a stronger Stability and Growth Pact using the Community method ?
LANG_ENG They are told they must deliver to the Government .
LANG_ENG Limited room service and bar menu available from 10am - 10pm daily . Breathtaking views of Edinburgh Castle are approximately 20 yards away on Princes Street .
LANG_ENG Gives you a 70% chance to avoid interruption caused by damage while channeling the Drain Life , Drain Mana , or Drain Soul spell .
LANG_ENG At this time when we are facing this severe economic and financial crisis , one of the principal consequences is an increase in unemployment .
LANG_ENG To slow the muscle-tissue loss , protein intake must be sufficient and physical activity is encouraged .
LANG_ENG Mr Solana , you have assured us that Europe will continue to call for a more democratic Palestinian Authority which shows greater respect for the rights of the Palestinians .
LANG_ENG We enjoyed very good cooperation , which has resulted in what I think is a very good report .
LANG_ENG The reasons for this are the additional hotel facilities in the 4-star category , extremely interesting group prices and the ideal position at the junction of four countries - Switzerland , Germany , Austria and the Principality of Liechtenstein .
LANG_ENG Mr President , on 17 May the Commission presented the draft budget .
LANG_ENG I have received a draft resolution tabled in accordance with Rule 103 (2) of the Rules of Procedure .
LANG_ENG When will we get the proposal on data protection in the field of crime-fighting ?
LANG_ENG Who claimes that Country music has to be conformative and proper ?
LANG_ENG Modern hotel in walking distance (30 mins) of the old city centre of Florence .
LANG_ENG The institute works at the optimization of thermal turbomachinery as well as at the investigation of new and innovative thermal power plants within national , European and international research projects under contract of the Austrian Science Foundation (FWF), the European Commission and industry .
LANG_ENG There were ports , airports , roads , schools , health centres .
LANG_ENG At the International AIDS Conference in Vienna , in July , I hope that the international community will rally around UNAIDS " launch of Treatment 2.0 - the next generation of HIV treatment , which must be more affordable , more effective , and accessible to all .
LANG_ENG The EU should thus have a foreign policy on common security , that will enable dialogue in a field where we can really make substantial impact and a significant economic contribution .
LANG_ENG As a result , China surpassed Japan in late 2008 as the largest foreign holder of US financial assets .
LANG_ENG Located in the traditional resort town of Hua Hin , Asara Villa &amp; Suites offers luxury and serenity with its private beachfront , spacious accommodation and tranquil spa .
LANG_ENG All of this means that the citizens of Europe aspire to having the same quality of bathing water , regardless of the country or location they are swimming in .
LANG_ENG When the Treaty of Amsterdam entered into force , judicial cooperation in civil matters was transferred from the third pillar to the first , since when the European Community has elaborated an ambitious work programme in that area .
LANG_ENG More than ever , there is a need for leadership and for someone who dares to stand up for visionary ideals and for European cooperation and to defend the decisions taken in Brussels .
LANG_ENG Very good location , spacious and clean rooms , good design , good service from the people that work in .
LANG_ENG There are many sounds to life - soft and loud . If you want to be able to enjoy all of it , you need good hearing .
LANG_ENG This requires a balance , which Parliament needs to find in cooperation with the Commission .
LANG_ENG However , the Community &apos;s provisions must not be seen as a rejection of the objectives pursued by the United States in its anxiety to bring back democracy to Cuba and to put a stop to the support provided by certain countries to international terrorism .
LANG_ENG Whether the occasion be formal or casual , dining is a pleasure in Seasons Brasserie .
LANG_ENG Without a strong opposition , the Chávez government would certainly veer too far left; without Chávez , it would have no keel at all .
LANG_ENG Test us ! PIC Systems AG is your contact also after the purchase .
LANG_ENG In some cases , the support levels needed by small islands will not be counted as aids at all .
LANG_ENG Finally , there is no need to emphasise that the EU &apos;s Integrated Maritime Policy could also make an essential contribution to uniform , viable development of the Black Sea area .
LANG_ENG The Treaty of Nice (2000) was result of a rather poor compromise .
LANG_ENG What we now need to do is to get to work on it in cooperation with all of the members of the Quartet .
LANG_ENG Modern democracy aims to be like a temple with foundations of human rights and two pillars of universal suffrage and the principle of responsibility .
LANG_ENG 1 . If we are to have any hope of a social and civil Europe , the Constitutional Treaty for the EU must once and for all be consigned to the archives .
LANG_ENG That does not mean that we are in any way committed to moving forward and closing those negotiations .
LANG_ENG In addition , artistic activity can be useful for technological research and development and in turn is influenced by it .
LANG_ENG That means hundreds of thousands of dollars of profit for the Rwandan war chest , and what do we do with our policy of double standards ?
LANG_ENG I think we must applaud the governments in the Union , or at least those which say they are coming round to this view , as happened recently in Germany .
LANG_ENG As long as member states remain fully sovereign , no one can fully reassure investors that in the event of a eurozone breakup , some states will not simply refuse to pay , or at least refuse to pay for the others .
LANG_ENG The conference programme may be subject to changes .
LANG_ENG This setup program now remembers in which directory PATmonitor was installed , and uses this directory as default on further installs or updates .
LANG_ENG Hence this module is best suited to production lines in which the distance between the test piece and test unit hardly varies .
LANG_ENG The A9 , runs north-south through Graz , mostly via the 6 mile long Plabutsch tunnel . The A2 , just south of the city , runs east-west .
LANG_ENG We share the passion for great software and the enthusiasm for Open Source - as an user as well as a committer .
LANG_ENG I believe that in the case you have mentioned , the European Union must state that , although we respect the traditions and the religion of Afghanistan , we also demand that human rights be respected in that country .
LANG_ENG  (India will take on this problem in about a decade , as it continues on its rapid-growth path .) 
LANG_ENG Moreover , telecommunications operators will in all likelihood have to be compensated for their additional costs .
LANG_ENG - To book the house it is necessary to make a payment of 40% of the total amount .
LANG_ENG A map will be shown here if you enable JavaScript .
LANG_ENG We also visited the Department of Forestry in Malaysia and were rather impressed by environmental concerns there .
LANG_ENG However , the Commission does not want assistance for Iraq , whether through debt relief or other mechanisms , to be given at the expense of the poorest countries .
LANG_ENG The Community budget must be compatible with these efforts .
LANG_ENG Mobilcard Junior: for children and juniors aged under 16 .
LANG_ENG With regard to the resolutions on Malaysia , the Commission deplores the recent events in Malaysia , in particular the arrest of Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim under the so-called Internal Security Act , which allows for indefinitely renewable detention without trial .
LANG_ENG . The rapporteur proposes the rigorous separation of traditional and GMO crops .
LANG_ENG The next item is the joint debate on the following six motions for resolutions:
LANG_ENG Blue-collar workers are entitled to vacation on the basis of the number of effective working days performed during the year , with a maximum of 20 days under the five day week system .
LANG_ENG Until states such as Saudi Arabia , Syria , and others vigorously dry up the inflows of people and money that sustain the insurgency , Iraq will never become stable , democratic , and prosperous .
LANG_ENG Unless the law requires longer periods , claims for defects shall lapse 12 months after delivery of the goods .
LANG_ENG Transportation: Phuket has an international airport , which receives direct flights from some long haul cities , as well as from throughout Thailand and other Southeast Asian cities .
LANG_ENG It tackles many aspects of enlargement of the Union , including the budget , education , social affairs , the second and third pillars .
LANG_ENG President Clinton announced a new policy toward Iraq of &quot; regime change . &quot; On October 31 , 1998 the president signed into law H.R.
LANG_ENG Do submit tickets about account problems you are having from your account if possible . If it is not possible , please use the Technical Support or Billing webform .
LANG_ENG I would also like to touch on the subject of hushkits .
LANG_ENG The product is intended for the audience with &apos; studio &apos; listening preferences .
LANG_ENG Easy going . When Allah created time , he made plenty of it .
LANG_ENG Modern technology , possibly including weapons of mass destruction , increases the possibility that any terrorist success will cause damage of great magnitude .
LANG_ENG From sunrise to sunset it stretches endlessly from the most stunning bay in Corniche des Maures .
LANG_ENG In order to make our implementations of these methods available for other researchers and developers , we will implement all methods by using the JXTA framework , which currently is used by a number of other projects in the DL and peer-to-peer areas .
LANG_ENG Finally , we agree on the reduction in the number of Community initiatives from thirteen to three , but we think it is essential to maintain the URBAN initiative in order to implement a homogeneous policy throughout the territory .
LANG_ENG The room was rather small for a family , but well renovated , clean &amp; tidy for a hotel in Venice .
LANG_ENG B &amp; B Wilhelmina is located a short walk away from bars , restaurants and cinemas .
LANG_ENG The demands on quality , stability and reliability of new mechatronic components , and thus on the entire development process , have increased in many industries . One of the deciding factors is the replacement of mechanical components by electronics .
LANG_ENG The European Parliament also has a vital role to play .
LANG_ENG In Mr Garosci &apos;s excellent report and in the Commission &apos;s Green Paper faith is expressed in the role of electronic shopping as a way of reviving remote rural areas .
LANG_ENG The journey takes approximately an hour and a half , and ticket prices range from 5.90 to 6.70 euros .
LANG_ENG In the last plant of the hotel you find our magnific Solarium , with hammocks and shower , from where you can see the Bay of Alcúdia .
LANG_ENG This was a seminar in which 700 decision-makers at Davos set priorities for the world " s problems using Gallup polls , and discussed the challenges they presented .
LANG_ENG It is towerig the common shag about several feet and can be seen from far away .
LANG_ENG We have just been reminded by my colleague Mr Coelho that failure to reach agreement on this at the first reading carries a huge message .
LANG_ENG Of course we have to tackle the practical issues and examine the harsh prison conditions , but we also have to look at the bigger picture: the political system and the economic situation .
LANG_ENG The developers are offering a full boat service including &apos; putting out &apos; , &apos; taking in &apos; and winter storage of small boats , plus administration and positioning of bouys and channels .
LANG_ENG Not a single official voice has been heard from the EU in support of the interests of citizens , for whom the EU perhaps does not exist in this respect .
LANG_ENG Bring your friends and families something smal as a memory of your stay on the island of Elba , you will be pleased .
LANG_ENG Not only the Member States but also states applying for accession , national parliaments , the European Parliament and the general public are all to be involved in that debate .
LANG_ENG What is your message to us ?
LANG_ENG Whether the current episode will end in tears also depends on fiscal policy .
LANG_ENG If you close Google Earth you can save the speedcam file in Temporary Places .
LANG_ENG But visitors to a malaria infested country , because they lack this immunity , share the risks borne by local children .
LANG_ENG Modern building management systems can help you reduce a hotel " s energy bill without affecting guests " comfort .
LANG_ENG For 2006 , EADS changed its accounting policy from the corridor approach to the equity approach , i.e. all actuarial gains and losses are recognised in Balance Sheet as pension provision thereby reducing equity .
LANG_ENG WAGNER is the market-leading manufacturer of high tech products and systems for coating and decorating with paints and powder .
LANG_ENG Destroy target land or nonblack creature .
LANG_ENG Significant penalties are incorporated in the Slovak legislation concerning toys , for example; that is not the situation in the Czech Republic .
LANG_ENG This means hidden subsidies for nuclear power .
LANG_ENG At the moment , there are a wide range of digital audio formats .
LANG_ENG Tovarna vozil Maribor cooperated with company NEOPLAN !
LANG_ENG In spite of all the flowery language , however , there is no getting away from the fact that the Lisbon goals will not be achieved .
LANG_ENG Value-added tax (abbreviated to Mwst or VAT) is also known by the specialist term turnover tax in Germany .
LANG_ENG It is impossible to have good management under the imperfectly centralised regime of the present CFP .
LANG_ENG I thank the President-in-Office of the Council for his reply .
LANG_ENG We are all aware of the difficulties involved in harmonising the positions of the various political organisations .
LANG_ENG The transposition deadline has not yet expired , and Member States have not yet submitted their legislative changes to the Commission .
LANG_ENG The main entrance to Caribe Cove Resort is located in Kissimmee on Westside Boulevard , just off the US-192 , about 10 minutes from Disney .
LANG_ENG He resumed his studies and received a Ph.D. in 1873 . In 1885 , he published his ground-breaking On Memory in which he described experiments he conducted on himself to describe the process of forgetting .
LANG_ENG sim lemonade is a great simulation game where you will sell one of the most refreshing drinks in the world: lemonade .
LANG_ENG This is an alarming problem , not solely from an economic point of view , but more importantly because of its links with other forms of crime such as drug-trafficking , arms trafficking and the trafficking of human beings .
LANG_ENG It is in our supposedly so advanced age that they are seriously endangered , especially in Iraq , which is occupied by the West .
LANG_ENG Palisade Guardian is a game in Flash , Defend your territory from the German Nazis in World War II .
LANG_ENG This conference should start work in 2002 .
LANG_ENG Expert developers have created a section with advanced sample code and complete case studies .
LANG_ENG The health of animals and livestock is important to the people of Europe , to the European agricultural sector and to the European economy .
LANG_ENG Qualified and motivated employees are the core of our company .
LANG_ENG In the Azores , an outermost region where unemployment generally reaches record levels , the unemployment rate is now 6.5% , the lowest in Portugal .
LANG_ENG I believe that when discussing the coordination of economic policies , the debate that we are holding today and the vote that we will take on this report are still our main cornerstones , on which any comments should be based .
LANG_ENG 77 And if they are not married , they shall repent of all their sins or ye shall not receive them .
LANG_ENG The Community treaties now provide for a European legal area , so what is involved is the application and implementation of that European legal area .
LANG_ENG The sunny climate tempered by the proximity of the sea provides ideal conditions for grapes to ripen .
LANG_ENG &quot; In view of the experience gathered and the current state of technology , certain regulations could be expanded to improve traffic safety and to insist that other technologies be used apart from mirrors .
LANG_ENG I am afraid that the airports , however , are worried about a much tougher stance by the Commission if this is rejected .
LANG_ENG It is also essential that we now fix the criteria for measuring progress in achieving the feasibility thresholds above which the spirit of innovation and competitiveness can be developed .
LANG_ENG I rotated it once to demonstrate . 90 degrees CCW .
LANG_ENG I believe that the debate has demonstrated Parliament &apos;s concern for this issue extremely well; there was not a single speaker who did not stress the importance of taking measures in this field .
LANG_ENG She was taken to a colored hospital in Clarksdale and her arm was amputated .
LANG_ENG There are a couple of ways that www.example.be can provide this stickyness .
LANG_ENG Content In This Section Includes Swearing , And Extremely Violent Flash Animations .
LANG_ENG Oh , if He were just a king , but He is the King of kings , the Lord of lords .
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Hotel America .
LANG_ENG With the most modern technology and specially trained staff , they guarantee the airport over an area of more than 2.8 million m2 (this represents approx .
LANG_ENG menu.htm - (new 1.7) you can extend the menu on the right upper side by something you like .
LANG_ENG Whatever else might be said about it , capital punishment is a penalty which is final .
LANG_ENG The Quartier Latin hotel is a totally air-conditioned property decorated so as to recreate the old Parisan literary life .
LANG_ENG I also want to thank you on behalf of other accessory manufacturers and on behalf of road users , who will now be able to benefit from these bars - though not too often , we hope , as we want to eliminate pedestrian collisions .
LANG_ENG Can I synchronize over the internet ?
LANG_ENG Imagine that you have a large lobster on a plate in front of you .
LANG_ENG At the same time , it must be said that a strategic partnership between the EU and Brazil would always be justified and that in this matter the only flaw is the time that has already been lost .
LANG_ENG Three years ago we established Erasmus Mundus .
LANG_ENG Latvia is one of the first countries I have officially visited since taking office in the European Parliament .
LANG_ENG We must ask the following question: if we were starting today (and not 50 years ago), what would we invest our budgetary resources in ?
LANG_ENG Please inform us 30 minutes ahead of the time of your arrival and someone will welcome you at the apartment with a set of keys and show you around .
LANG_ENG We offer complete solution of the problems connected with handling , assembly , check and testing procedures .
LANG_ENG The hottest travel tip to the Oktoberfest: Use Munich " s excellent public transportation network (MVV).
LANG_ENG Conversely , these differences could also lead to no taxation at all .
LANG_ENG The interior of the island is mountainous , sparsely inhabited and covered with forests of pine (Pinus brutia) and cypress (Cupressus sempervirens).
LANG_ENG Join us in SOS Democracy .
LANG_ENG The technology forum focusing on document and output management , was organized by Compart AG .
LANG_ENG His contribution described the theoretical foundations of absorptive capacity - illustrated by numerous examples from corporate practice .
LANG_ENG Find some pictures of projects and partnerships in the Galerie .
LANG_ENG The hotel has fully equipped rooms to guarantee your comfort .
LANG_ENG Our professional team will help choose the best treatments for you from a large selection .
LANG_ENG Shearing angle: Angle between the shearing lines and the J or B axis in the J (H) or B (H) chart .
LANG_ENG Stove decorated in blue and gold .
LANG_ENG Greiner Packaging International is one of the leading companies in the European packaging industry .
LANG_ENG It is nearby the famous Ramblas and Barcelona seaport is within walking distance .
LANG_ENG Figures which ensure that the high standard of the TV trade fair is maintained and once again emphasise the trade fair &apos;s role as Europe &apos;s most important industry meeting point for textile finishing and clothing decoration .
LANG_ENG This is a purely technical issue linked to the fact that , in a first reading agreement , the normal process of legal revision and verification can only take place after the vote .
LANG_ENG Thirdly , the European Union is continuing with the EURATOM programme , which is the oldest Community programme and which has brought Europe a relatively safe and reliable source of energy through use of the atom .
LANG_ENG So you decide to help them out , and you do your job well in the mini-game .
LANG_ENG The list of these crimes has been extended in the last few years , which indicates a worrying tendency .
LANG_ENG This will make integration of our closest neighbours , the countries of the Western Balkans , easier when the time comes .
LANG_ENG I have a whole list of other things it must do .
LANG_ENG Bühlmann AG will continue manufacturing at the Niederweningen site .
LANG_ENG  (Parliament rejected the motion for a resolution) Joint motion for a resolution on the closure of Chernobyl nuclear power plant by 2000 and completion of Khmelnitsky and Rovno 4 nuclear reactors in Ukraine
LANG_ENG When Nazi Germany recognised the Japanese satellite regime Nanking in World War Two in 1941 , the Chinese ended the cooperation .
LANG_ENG An exceptional site bordering the sea , facing the Saint-Jean-Cap- Ferrat peninsula . Extraordinary decor: authentically furnished and decorated , the Villaʼs many rooms bear witness to the art of living and refinement of Ancient Greece .
LANG_ENG The Danish Social Democrats in the European Parliament have today voted in favour of this report because we agree that the EU should develop cooperation in the area of civil law for the benefit of EU citizens .
LANG_ENG The report makes a useful point in emphasising that the initial barriers to people with disabilities arise mainly during childhood .
LANG_ENG To give you an example: I represent London and it could mean a problem for Caribbean people getting together to reminisce about life in the Caribbean in the 1950s if some white people were excluded .
LANG_ENG  (The House rose and observed a minute &apos; s silence) 
LANG_ENG 2009 we developed our RED wing .
LANG_ENG Coke has been targeted by NGOs for alleged lapses in labor and environmental standards .
LANG_ENG One of the functions of the Treaty of Lisbon is to strengthen the common foreign and security policy of the EU and to create an institutional basis for it .
LANG_ENG The aim of our consulting services is to tailor the design and dimensioning of risk management and its range of instruments most effectively to meet client requirements .
LANG_ENG RG is a brand new groove plug-in that is far more than just a &quot; virtual Rhythm Guitar player .
LANG_ENG I am therefore of the opinion that the proposal to site one of the EIT &apos;s structures in Wrocław - a city of more than 140 000 students - will be an excellent European investment for the future .
LANG_ENG If you expect to find yourself in this situation , you might want to consider a program such as GNU stow , found at http: / / www.gnu.org / software / stow / stow.html .
LANG_ENG With this appointment , Lobsang Choekyi Gyaltsen &apos;s three previous incarnations were posthumously recognised as Panchen Lamas . The Fifth Dalai Lama also recognized Panchen Lobsang Yeshe (Blo-bzang Ye-shes) as the Fifth Panchen Lama .
LANG_ENG This is question No 18 about language use in the European institutions .
LANG_ENG A young Scottish man by the name of James Taylor who arrived in Ceylon in 1852 to work for one of the large coffee growers was mainly responsible for transformation of Ceylon " s plantation map from coffee to tea .
LANG_ENG 7 000 inhabitants , mainly from the villages of Kolontár and Devecser , have been affected .
LANG_ENG author . - (FR) Mr President , Commissioner , you have already partly answered the question I was going to ask , about the problems experienced when buying .
LANG_ENG Equally important is the debate on the technical and legal aspects of the right to &apos; chip silence &apos; .
LANG_ENG As of January 4th of 2008 , Hoteles C incoporated 2 new hotels to its portfolio of hotels . They are Hotel Barlovento in Varadero and Hotel Atlantico and Villas Los Pinos in Playas del Este of la Habana .
LANG_ENG The agreement lists the requirements necessary for the adoption; and that you as the new owner of the animal are offering it a home for the rest of its life , but our organization will continue to hold the right of possession of the dog .
LANG_ENG The most obvious one was from Caardvarks who just had the rule to use a heart on the card .
LANG_ENG Here , there is an interesting archaeological collection with prehistoric , antique and early Croatian findings , boat cargo from the 16th century , and a number of other exhibits .
LANG_ENG First example plays a sound when a user enters the chatroom , a special sound for / PING number 2 and then lists the default sound effects .
LANG_ENG The Kiel Week is held annually since the late 19 Century instead .
LANG_ENG Mali Losinj , population 6500 , the largest insulare town on the Adriatic , is an impressive destination with numerous cafes , restaurants , excursion boats and lovely sandy , pebble and rocky beaches .
LANG_ENG This page contains sub-categories and keyword pages contextually , grammatically and meaningfully related to the keyword / phrase private investors .
LANG_ENG We may , in fact , be the only lab using this technology to investigate songbird spatial memory .
LANG_ENG Does the Commissioner have any proposal on a more general solution to this kind of problem of non-significant - though I know that this is a controversial term - actions which are nevertheless so important to the image of the Union ?
LANG_ENG Beside the services enumerated here below , we shall be at your disposal for any questions regarding the subject of activity of the state administration .
LANG_ENG If that country had its own currency , the exchange rate would decline , benefiting exports and impeding imports .
LANG_ENG They are thus condemned , or at least invited , to work together and negotiate the composition , political guidelines and working methods of the Commission .
LANG_ENG Our pricing is very competitive compared to other major providers in the market .
LANG_ENG Has Turkey abandoned its aspirations to accession ?
LANG_ENG There is light at the end of the tunnel !
LANG_ENG I have two points to make in this regard .
LANG_ENG In the 14th century it established itself as one of the most important farms .
LANG_ENG The useful colour codes permit intuitive operation and shorten the period needed to train new operators .
LANG_ENG Support refugees !
LANG_ENG It is crucial that that we stimulate that .
LANG_ENG PX-7DL contains a SCAN function , Alarm and Differential modes and a data logger with 1000 readings capacity (10 files).
LANG_ENG No one gains from the government " s ugly struggle with Telefónica that climaxed with the resignation of Telefónica " s boss , Juan Villalonga .
LANG_ENG Perhaps the Commissioner would take that up in her responses .
LANG_ENG Mrs Fraga Estévez " s report , on the whole , puts ...
LANG_ENG The registration system will take you through each step in order , with instructions and hints along the way .
LANG_ENG Challenges: Vacant for an extended period - well-known property due to activities of diverse real estate agents in the market .
LANG_ENG Convinced of the need for simplified legislation , the Liberal Group will be lending the Doorn report its unqualified support .
LANG_ENG Amendments or supplements to the contract , this clause , the acceptance of the customer " s application or these Terms and Conditions of Business for Events must be in writing .
LANG_ENG Having landed in Ljubljana , we all disembarked from the plane and were pushed into a bus , as happens at many airports .
LANG_ENG The musical offer of this night is very large scaled .
LANG_ENG I too sometimes find it frustrating not to have statistics underlining the importance of the sector and its development .
LANG_ENG And how are these millions going to be used ?
LANG_ENG What we requested is that , for once , the European Commission and the European Union should view the issue of human rights as something which needs to be given practical expression in relationships where we have bargaining power with other countries too .
LANG_ENG Commissioner Fischler , I should like to say very clearly that the experts recently drafted in by the Commission , whom you specifically referred to as testifying for the Commission proposals , produced reports which are based on very foolhardy theories .
LANG_ENG There are currently 1 user and 260 guests online .
LANG_ENG in writing . - I did support this resolution as raised many concerns both in the European Parliament and outside it .
LANG_ENG SSL is the industry standard for the transfer of confidential data via Internet .
LANG_ENG A country like Brazil , however , should instead work with us to develop renewable technologies and energy savings: that is the way forward for that country .
LANG_ENG The second game on Friday we performed against the favorite team of our group and current champion Plasma-Z .
LANG_ENG The Age of Empires II: The Conquerors update is a fantastic update for your preferred strategy game , which is not only used to introduce new products but also to repair those mistakes that prevented you from enjoying the best of the adventu ...
LANG_ENG He has now created a diagram for the different status files used by APT .
LANG_ENG If a player does , Carrion Wurm deals no combat damage this turn .
LANG_ENG Located on the shores of the Mediterranean Sea , Hotel Torrequebrada is an urban hotel with a relaxed atmosphere , ideal to unwind on an enjoyable holiday .
LANG_ENG If we stick with these principles , we will make progress .
LANG_ENG In other words , the possibility for at least one million European citizens , both men and women , from the various Member States , to be able to sign a legislative initiative .
LANG_ENG as a system integrator and reseller for Slovenia and Adriatic countries including Croatia , Serbia , Bosnia , Montenegro , Macedonia , Kosovo , Albania and Hungary .
LANG_ENG The skis in our rental stores are not only perfectly groomed , but also properly adjusted by trained personnel according to strict guidelines and legal standards .
LANG_ENG The use of mobile solutions results in both a reduction in process costs and an increase in process speeds and flexibility .
LANG_ENG I do not know , but one benchmark we could certainly use is the challenge we must take up together .
LANG_ENG Stereotypes and discrimination persist , biased recruitment and promotion systems are rampant , labour market and educational segregation hinder women in achieving their full potential .
LANG_ENG If you &apos;re in signed in to Bebo , go to your photos page .
LANG_ENG I am one of those who believe that recovery from the crisis requires fiscal stimulus .
LANG_ENG I also want to mention one aspect that has come out of the debate .
LANG_ENG We would be doing our industry - and therefore employment and the social development of the Member States - a disservice .
LANG_ENG Malfurion had always been uncomfortable with any power but his own and Tyrande &apos;s .
LANG_ENG In 1995 the village won the " Premio Alzina " for its endevour in the field of nature , an annual award given by the " Grup Balear d " Ornitologia i Defensa de la Naturalesa " (Balearic Ornithology and Nature Defence Group).
LANG_ENG The reason I lay such emphasis on this is that it demonstrates that Budget discipline is taken very seriously even at European level .
LANG_ENG Swing Team pilot Paweł Faron from Poland finished in first place in the first stage of the XC Open World Series 2009 , which was held in Manilla , Australia from 14-21 February .
LANG_ENG Although we arrived at the huge company premises well before the agreed time , our own personal welcome committee was already waiting for us at the security door .
LANG_ENG All older children or adults are charged € 45.00 per night and person for extra beds .
LANG_ENG Relax at the wellness centre at the new Radisson Resort Hotel Trysil .
LANG_ENG Can be used to repair any damaged thread .
LANG_ENG I want to congratulate the rapporteur , Mrs Martens , on the comprehensive and balanced definition of the new strategy as set out in her excellent report .
LANG_ENG The following figure shows the errors (rows) found on the different CDs (columns).
LANG_ENG The primary role of every data center , computer / server room and network rack is to keep corporate information services up and running .
LANG_ENG Imagine if we did not need to meet these requirements ourselves .
LANG_ENG This release brings with it support for wave recording and mixer support such as volume level adjustment and muting .
LANG_ENG The head of the African delegation , Mrs Joanmariae Louise Fubbs , Chairman of the Committee on Trade and Industry of the National Assembly of South Africa , is accompanied by the Chairman of the Committee on International Relations and five other colleagues from the South African Parliament .
LANG_ENG The valid complaints about fiscal policy over the past 14 months are not that it has run up the national debt and rewarded the princes of Wall Street , but rather that it has been too limited - that we ought to have done more .
LANG_ENG Spirits of those who died without honour and who search an opportunity to redeem themselves .
LANG_ENG A similar outcome cannot be ruled out in the months ahead .
LANG_ENG Steckborn is the home of the " Bernina " sewing machine .
LANG_ENG Around the three eastern hills the Thracians estabilished the ancient settlement of Evmolpiass , which was later on called Pulpudeva .
LANG_ENG So we must encourage the development of networking between suppliers among themselves and in particular between suppliers and markets , especially travel agencies , but also directly with the consumer , for instance via the Internet , on a Europe-wide basis .
LANG_ENG While there are subtle differences in how each Edmond de Rothschild subfund is managed according to its specific investment universe , we use the same global investment process .
LANG_ENG The financial and economic crisis , as well as the gas crisis that had previously dominated Europe , proved that the lack of a suitable regional policy is affecting the whole of Europe .
LANG_ENG I cannot , of course , comment on the political disputes that have begun and are continuing in Spain on this matter .
LANG_ENG Such disdainful communication further reduces trust .
LANG_ENG On the other hand , I am very surprised at your failure to accept the amendment which states that the euro is the accounting unit of the Community institutions - as if you could draw up your budget in anything other than euros .
LANG_ENG The Commission has not given it to us in the clearest possible way .
LANG_ENG Personal Announcement system: Messages can be made on behalf of exhibitors and megaphones are located throughout the exhibition area advising visitors of pending and current activities .
LANG_ENG Major routes including the M25 , M4 , M3 , A40 and A10 are easily accessible .
LANG_ENG On the other hand , I regret the European Council &apos;s reckless step in respect of Turkey .
LANG_ENG Pin checks only consider netlist pins .
LANG_ENG We want this change and we want to be involved in bringing it about .
LANG_ENG In Europe today we still see animals suffering agonies and animals dying in transit as a result of the inhumanity of transport conditions .
LANG_ENG In that case we will inform you .
LANG_ENG In March 1867 , he left his home city Geneva and would not return for the rest of the life .
LANG_ENG We help you to introduce standards and methods into your daily work .
LANG_ENG As I said , we are faced with a kind of economic slump .
LANG_ENG At worst , the efficiency costs would be minor; at best , the tax would discourage excessive short-term speculation .
LANG_ENG The first PED was organized by Hubert Klüpfel during his time at the university of Duisburg in 2001 .
LANG_ENG The region lying approximately 50 kilometers from Kapuvár offers ideal environment for water touring , fishing , and horse-riding .
LANG_ENG The fact-finding mission found evidence of violations of the laws of war during the Gaza conflict that should trigger credible investigations of the conduct of both sides .
LANG_ENG Mrs Thatcher would be proud of the way we have carried on and she would be particularly proud of Terry Wynn this evening if she recognized the way he is defending what she fought so long for in relation to the European Union budget .
LANG_ENG Secondly , to what extent do we include synthetic alcohol ?
LANG_ENG Small amounts are recommended , many one dollar bills , fives and tens , but maximum $ 20 .
LANG_ENG This process offers completely stable arc conditions and an outstanding controllable weld pool even under varying external influences .
LANG_ENG The town , although attractive , is outshone by the stunning surrounding countryside with its mountains , lakes , woods and overall beauty that attracts visitors from all over the world .
LANG_ENG The begging of the construction of Farm of Cachopães goes back the late century of XVI , this one being the true Quinta Minhota .
LANG_ENG You can also find information on your route at Via Michelin .
LANG_ENG It is mainly old buildings that are a problem , of course , and not just blocks of flats .
LANG_ENG International Home distilled brandy Festival , Exhibition and Fair our apricot and grape-skin pálinka both won bronze medal .
LANG_ENG All prices are per room and per night , sometimes including and sometimes excluding breakfast; this varies from hotel property to hotel property .
LANG_ENG The project focuses on considerations regarding the possibilities of economically and ecologically advantageous biogas supply for filling stations in regions that are not connected to the natural gas network .
LANG_ENG This aim of this directive is clear enough: we need more organs for patients and greater cooperation between Member States on this matter and on combating organ trafficking .
LANG_ENG It is unthinkable to have a modern European Union constitution - which is what the Convention on the future of Europe is looking at - without a binding bill of rights .
LANG_ENG The implementation and correct application of this policy should also be ensured .
LANG_ENG Room Service , Meeting / Banquet Facilities , Business Centre , Babysitting / Child Services , Laundry , Dry Cleaning , Breakfast in the Room , Ironing Service , Bridal Suite , Currency Exchange , Car Rental , Tour Desk , Fax / Photocopying .
LANG_ENG on behalf of the Verts / ALE Group . - Mr President , I was the Green / EFA shadow for both the Saïfi and the Désir reports .
LANG_ENG Air New Zealand is committed to ensuring our customers have an amazing journey with us .
LANG_ENG You get one of our most popular original products entirely free of costs from an order value of 120 eur for your first order as a new customer .
LANG_ENG Can the Commissioner give me an answer on this point ?
LANG_ENG Coatings produced by electric arc wire spray are very economical , and performed using modern material and process technology . Arc spray is an excellent solution for many applications , including metal or metal-based coatings for wear and corrosion protection .
LANG_ENG As a result , this capacity - which is what guarantees life on Earth as we know it - is at risk of ending up in the hands of the very corporations that are defiling the planet , its natural resources and the climate .
LANG_ENG Clearly , therefore , we need to strengthen European cinema; we need to strengthen the culture and civilisation of this continent , but I greatly fear that the means introduced in the report are powerless .
LANG_ENG Would it not be possible for the Commission to consider an additional approach to give even more favourable treatment to the micro-small business ?
LANG_ENG EXPLANATIONS OF VOTE
LANG_ENG The district of Almadén and its people , my compatriots , have lived for centuries from the mercury that was extracted from their mines , which are the largest for this metal in Europe and the world .
LANG_ENG And here the excellent cooperation developed between the latter and the European Ombudsman should be highlighted .
LANG_ENG This is crucial in a sector like banking , where perceptions about the soundness of an institution are fundamental to its ability to compete .
LANG_ENG ◎ wild strawberries have to finish , and was engaged in this one , It seems we can only continue .
LANG_ENG The value indicates the user name you specified when connecting to the server , and the client host from which you connected .
LANG_ENG Each capsule contains 250mg of pure Velvet Antler .
LANG_ENG The small farmers of Eastern Europe must be able to be included in this redefinition of the CAP (jobs , regional planning , environmental considerations , solidarity with small farmers in the third world , productivism , a subsidies policy that encourages exports).
LANG_ENG AKVIS Default It is the golden mean between a natural image and an artistic effect that one usually wants to obtain when creating an HDR-image .
LANG_ENG All delivered goods shall remain our property (conditional goods) until satisfaction of all claims , including , in particular , the respective balance claims to which , regardless of the legal basis , we are entitled .
LANG_ENG The Campia house in Revò , an elegant building built in 1665 , the Ziller house , formerly Thun and then Martini with frescoes dating back to 1616 and 1620 .
LANG_ENG Take a visit to the golden art triangle , located just 2 km from the Hotel Trafalgar .
LANG_ENG What we should be doing is reproducing in our Mediterranean neighbours the effects of pre-accession expectations .
LANG_ENG Violence only receded in 2003 , when the main rebel group , theForces pour la défense de la démocratie (FDD), concluded a political and military accord with the government .
LANG_ENG This page contains sub-categories and keyword pages contextually , grammatically and meaningfully related to the keyword / phrase advice and education .
LANG_ENG Many tourists really love the areas specially devoted to cycle tourism with their cycling itineraries .
LANG_ENG Knightsbridge London Underground Station is just 150 metres from the hotel .
LANG_ENG Hurtle your prized collection of matchbox sized cars as far and as fast as possible through the air in our 70 &apos;s Matchcar Stunt Racing simulator .
LANG_ENG  (BG) Mr. Chairman , I have been approached by reprsentatives of the Bulgarian Confederation for Health Protection established by twelve patient organisations to defend the interests of one million Bulgarians with chronical diseases .
LANG_ENG In Qatar , Süß became almost something like a bogey opponent for the Korean .
LANG_ENG In view of historical and legal aspects , in Hungary it is very unpleasant to talk about the collection of ethnic data involving the Roma .
LANG_ENG Exploring Nerja is a great way to spend your holidays here on the Costa del Sol .
LANG_ENG On the popular website Islamonline , famous sheikhs from the Arab world and the diaspora offer fatwa-chat for all situations .
LANG_ENG Faced with the insatiable commercial appetites that the European Union &apos;s liberal dogmatism has created , we need a policy that protects European workers , the creators of the wealth of which they are being deprived in the name of profit .
LANG_ENG Throughout the first half century of European integration , the financial contribution made by Germany to Community solidarity through the CAP and the cohesion funds has been pre-eminent .
LANG_ENG We must therefore stick to a sensible position , avoiding any hasty or even hysterical reactions to the events in Japan .
LANG_ENG In 1995 the city was captured by the Taliban .
LANG_ENG It extended (across Baltimore Road) to 18 holes in mid 1993 .
LANG_ENG 12 . - 15.03.2002.We successfully participated on negotiation with a lot of our partners on exhibition INTERLAKOKRASKA in Moscow .
LANG_ENG The reinvigoration of the Mediterranean policy , as decided by the European Parliament in the last part-session , must be implemented - and quickly - as must the initiatives for peace in the Middle East .
LANG_ENG Its activity concentrates on the home market .
LANG_ENG So it is plausible that the solar-driven ocean warming between 1900 and 1950 started things off by shifting the equilibrium toward higher concentrations of CO2 in the atmosphere , accelerating global warming since then .
LANG_ENG The perception that mentally ill people are dangerous is global .
LANG_ENG The second condition for Serbia is the control of borders with Kosovo and cooperation with EULEX , and thirdly , the drafting of a national strategy on migration .
LANG_ENG Our restaurant is open for private functions , starting at 15 people .
LANG_ENG At further questions initially read our FAQ !
LANG_ENG In my Amendments Nos 12 and 13 , I made the point that instruments of monetary policy cannot simply be used to stimulate investment in jobs .
LANG_ENG The vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
LANG_ENG As a goal , the return on equity (ROE) in 2002 should move significantly towards the medium-term Group target of 15% .
LANG_ENG When your evaluation period is over , you must purchase a Licensing key code for the Software or stop using the Software .
LANG_ENG Whith the integrated trim-container you trim the scooter for salt or normal water .
LANG_ENG Quality starts from the initial contact with you , and ends in a partnership-like collaboration .
LANG_ENG She goes out of her way to make sure everyone gets home safely .
LANG_ENG The region has been awarded the &quot; Families Welcome &quot; quality certificate .
LANG_ENG The bar codes are generated exclusively by our software namely in the highest possible resolution and output quality .
LANG_ENG Unless we safeguard funding in the long term , levels of uncertainty will continue to rise .
LANG_ENG Sport Wellness Mountain Spa has a modern spa which covers an area of 4.500 m ² over 5 floors and with original design .
LANG_ENG Having sat in the Chamber for a couple of hours today voting about imposing more and more regulation on businesses and on people , I feel we are going in exactly the wrong direction from this Chamber and we need a huge about-face immediately .
LANG_ENG Luxury driving the Ferraris , BMWs and Ducattis and , of course , at the famous Monte Carlo Casino .
LANG_ENG The elderly and patients are more than a debit entry .
LANG_ENG Zend training courses offer a unique online training experience - in real time .
LANG_ENG Traspaso Casa De 2 Niveles Sa ...
LANG_ENG It is provocative that Czechs and Hungarians can be treated as inferiors and be given fewer seats in Parliament than countries with fewer inhabitants .
LANG_ENG Located at the edge of a large sandy beach , the Hostellerie de la Nartelle offers well-equipped rooms in a warm and friendly atmosphere and boasts a heated outdoor swimming pool .
LANG_ENG It will be Finland &apos;s task to see to it that EU Member States are free to remain non-aligned .
LANG_ENG Färm (PSE), rapporteur .
LANG_ENG Of course there are situations in which we cannot use a tripod ñ e.g. on a trip in the high mountains or when we are filming animals in the nature or playing children .
LANG_ENG The required crimping tools for processing large cross sections are also available .
LANG_ENG Aphrodite Spa Health &amp; Wellness Center: Based on natural thermal water from the Margaret Island , the Spa of Ramada Plaza Budapest offers outstanding opportunities for well-being , relaxation and recreation .
LANG_ENG It is in our interests to maintain this stability and help to make it even more secure .
LANG_ENG Erlach Castle is one of the oldest castles in Canton Bern .
LANG_ENG It was also courageous , and I hope that this House will summon up the courage to accept its political responsibility .
LANG_ENG It is also important that what independence means for us is not just having a President , a flag and a national anthem .
LANG_ENG Browse our section of hotels in Majorca and aparthotels .
LANG_ENG You attach your Tonke ® unit to your vehicle and away you go !
LANG_ENG In the framework of the European Union / Algeria dialogue the Algerian authorities have underlined their interest in pursuing discussion on what might be done to prevent and combat terrorism .
LANG_ENG It is only in a democratic Turkey , a democratised Turkey , that a solution to the Kurdish question can be found .
LANG_ENG Willard: " They told me that you had gone totally insane , and that your methods were unsound . "
LANG_ENG The same applies to start and end points of contour offsets .
LANG_ENG The role of the European Ombudsman has become more important over the years for the European Union institutions and the citizens of Europe .
LANG_ENG altec ComputerSysteme GmbH lowers the prices of the Flash Card copy systems &quot; altec CopyStations &quot; around up to 25 percent .
LANG_ENG None of this , though , will do any good unless we apply our European research efforts to all these health questions .
LANG_ENG I know that many of the issues were resolved at Camp David but there are other issues that I hope we can solve .
LANG_ENG Within the space of two weeks agreement was reached on the wording .
LANG_ENG We do not need to support and to take into consideration the atomic energy industry , but only the health of European people , our electors , and what is good and bad for them .
LANG_ENG Added death index for years 1902-1905 from parish Wielki Mędromierz .
LANG_ENG This report was voted on under Rule 110a of the Rules of Procedure , which allows for no debate and no amendments to the report .
LANG_ENG This should enhance confidence in the UN .
LANG_ENG We include all important media in our communications strategy at every stage of this process .
LANG_ENG But if we believe that debt-driven demand is different , demand stimulus will at best be a palliative .
LANG_ENG No maps of the city available .
LANG_ENG We realize that a backbone psychopathological syndrome - drugs dominant - is in the base of the dependence .
LANG_ENG Within activism , the instances and problems , the possibilities and dangers of shared political horizons are being defined and discussed , all with a view to common action .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Europol is a cooperation body that deals with some of the very worst crimes , against which democracies must protect themselves .
LANG_ENG This masterpiece was cast directly from Brad &apos;s erect cock and balls , enjoy the feel , the touch , the excitement !
LANG_ENG However , every well-meaning person must be wondering:
LANG_ENG It can be integrated easily with arbitrary program code .
LANG_ENG Visitors are responsible for damages , which they cause during their stay on our farm .
LANG_ENG I should like to refer to just two of them .
LANG_ENG The European Union must commit itself unequivocally to technological change in the transport sector too .
LANG_ENG This has turned out to be a very technical report , but it ultimately revolves around the fact that we are in need of a common , precise calculation method and harmonisation of the support schemes applied by the European Union .
LANG_ENG Mr President , everything has been said , but not by everyone and certainly not by me .
LANG_ENG A settlement has since been reestablished in one of the four original villages , and as of September 2005 there were nine inhabitants .
LANG_ENG One call is enough , if you need information about our products .
LANG_ENG The Windows XP startup disk will automatically load the correct drivers to gain access to the CD-ROM drive and start a new installation of Setup .
LANG_ENG Over the past half century , ENGEL has developed into a group consisting of nine production plants located on 3 continents - in Europe , North America and Asia .
LANG_ENG - (DA) The Danish Social Democrats have today voted against Mr Dimitrakopoulos &apos; s and Mr Leinen &apos; s report .
LANG_ENG It is vital that the Haitian people in all communities are fully informed about how to deal with this disease , and that they understand that cholera is quickly cured when diagnosed and treated quickly .
LANG_ENG If we could similarly manage to harmonise the working conditions of drivers , this would also ensure greater safety and less distortion of competition .
LANG_ENG Most of infantry backles in this conditions , some wored out that nothing can be seen .
LANG_ENG Not expected and therefore very surprisingly I saw one polar bear at the shore near the glacier .
LANG_ENG Near Tāne Mahuta grows another giant cowrie - Te Matua Ngahere .
LANG_ENG If sunmaker finds out that incorrect information is registered in the account sunmaker reserves the right to cancel any bonuses that have been paid out to the account .
LANG_ENG You can walk around all the city without any buses and taxis because we are near to the most important monuments .
LANG_ENG Let us thus proceed with a healthy respect for our agenda .
LANG_ENG In particular , the fact that we live in such a rapidly changing world brought about through innovation and technology requires a more rapid response from the European Union to ensure that we can defend as best as possible the interests of all EU citizens .
LANG_ENG President , your session today will cover a number of EMU issues , including discussion of the draft Council regulations produced by the European Commission last month in relation to the stability pact and the legal framework of the Euro .
LANG_ENG Lots of friendly hotels , restaurants , pensions and holiday cottages are just waiting for you here to come and unwind .
LANG_ENG A dedicated team of professional technicians with many years of internation experience on all major machine types . As an extension of our manufacturing , our technicians are more than happy to support your operators to optimize your production !
LANG_ENG There is , however , one thing that everybody interested in programming for KDE should do: subscribe to the developers mailing list .
LANG_ENG What is the maximum allowed size for uploaded files ?
LANG_ENG The Anjuta integrated development environment has gained some great improvements in GNOME 2.26 .
LANG_ENG The start will be located lower for following classes .
LANG_ENG Whether you feel like kicking up your heels in the cellar or relaxing in the sun , it &apos;s easy to see how our festival is different from every other along the Moselle .
LANG_ENG A business friendly regulatory environment , efficient government , non-distortionary taxes , high labour participation rates , especially among women , a good education system , research and innovation - all that constitutes a minimum core package of measures to bring growth , jobs and competitiveness .
LANG_ENG There is growing recognition , some of it grudging , that the coalition led by the Pakistan People " s Party has managed to create a political structure built on fairly stable foundations .
LANG_ENG Please check the applicable processing fees with your bank .
LANG_ENG PSI customer journal for logistics and production .
LANG_ENG In front of it , there is a stop of the city bus line bringing you right into the Old Town of Dubrovnik within a few minutes .
LANG_ENG We cannot avoid these uncomfortable truths .
LANG_ENG Also , COMPUTED and UserComment no longer only contain the first copyright entry if the datatype was wrong .
LANG_ENG These pages cover the individuals found in various countries , chiefly via internet .
LANG_ENG A manuscript in the State Archives in Siena reveals that Langobard King Berengarius , who had fallen in love with the Tuscan countryside , bequeathed the Gagliole Estate to his son Hildebrand in 994 A.D.
LANG_ENG Amendments Nos 3 , 14 and 51 aim to keep pilotage outside the scope of the directive , based on the outmoded notion that pilotage services are always public services .
LANG_ENG Depression is one of the most common disorders , affecting one in six women in Europe .
LANG_ENG GAZA CITY - The resumption of direct peace talks between the Palestinians and Israelis has broken 20 months of stalemate , and marked the entry of Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu into this round of diplomacy .
LANG_ENG Parliament specifically welcomes the Agency as a reliable provider of independent and assured environmental information for all Union institutions , the Member States and policy-making bodies .
LANG_ENG The restaurant is to be found inside the completely renovated 17th century &quot; Villa Bel Gioioso &quot; , the picturesque view over the small harbour and Garda Lake is especially warming to the heart of the guest over a glass of red wine at sun set .
LANG_ENG Hotels Amsterdam: View photo gallery Frederik Park House located on the street Frederiksplein 22 , see the map of Amsterdam , read the opinions of our guests , book today !
LANG_ENG In the language of cultural relativism , it lays claim to the &quot; right to cultural difference &quot; .
LANG_ENG Step 4: Choose the model of your cell phone and your carrier from the pull-down menus .
LANG_ENG Even in the presence of a founding father of the European Constitution such as Mr Brok , I would venture to say that the Constitution is currently at a standstill .
LANG_ENG The most notable case is Andrew Symeou .
LANG_ENG I was a little early season , so roses are decorated with tulips bloom now .
LANG_ENG The following website offers the possibility to choose your favourite way to get to Santiago by car . Times and distances of the journeys are given in hours and km .
LANG_ENG NEW ADDRESS AND CONTACT DETAILS EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1st , 2010 ! !
LANG_ENG Booking.com: hotel Pullman Erfurt am Dom , Erfurt , Germany - 84 Guest reviews .
LANG_ENG Your payment gets you a whole year .
LANG_ENG Thus , with the world " s other two major central banks missing in action , the Fed has the global economic stage all to itself .
LANG_ENG Transcend " s standard SDHC memory cards offer hassle-free data storage and transfer with the best price-to-performance value .
LANG_ENG To access the French and European market , you need many different services and you expect your business partner to be able to combine them all like a puzzle .
LANG_ENG Mostly I develop software using Java and Scala .
LANG_ENG I &apos;m a Jesus Freak and software developer from Switzerland .
LANG_ENG I abstained from the final vote for the following reasons:
LANG_ENG The tourist can enjoy the mouth watering traditional food , that is a great pleasure for tourists from all over the world .
LANG_ENG Consumers have an opportunity to resolve problems arising predominantly as a result of the different procedures in force in the individual Member States within the European Consumer Centres Network , ECC-Net , and the cross-border Consumer Complaints Network for Financial Services , FIN-NET .
LANG_ENG Regrettably , in this context too , we were right - just as we were right with regard to the tragedies of AIDS and &apos; mad cow &apos; disease , a situation which my colleague Mr Martinez has been condemning since 1990 .
LANG_ENG Some years ago , politicians such as the former Hamburg interior Senator Ronald Schill or the Dutchman Pim Fortuyn attracted a large amount of attention .
LANG_ENG There is an underlying assumption to the current debates about class composition in post-Fordism: this is the assumption that immaterial work and its corresponding social subjects form the centre of gravity in the new turbulent cycles of struggles around living labour .
LANG_ENG It would be an affront , having created such an unfortunate situation , if we were to accept the proposed amendments to the regulation , even on a provisional basis , i.e. until the WTO agreement is completed , on the pretext of safeguarding employment and the value added .
LANG_ENG If EU farmers cannot enjoy more support from the EU , this is down to ill feeling from the European right .
LANG_ENG It is extremely important that the Commission acts in close cooperation with Parliament and in accordance with Parliament &apos;s basic guidelines and , in any case , in particular in these matters , under the strict control of the judicial authority based in Luxembourg .
LANG_ENG Igea Marina sorges close to the sea . The sea resorts and the hotels at Igea Marina are known for their genuine hospitality as well as for the quality of their services .
LANG_ENG I voted against the report as I believe that it was distorted by bringing in issues such as access to abortion and free access to advice on abortion .
LANG_ENG  (Applause) 
LANG_ENG Without social progress , economic progress will run out of steam sooner or later .
LANG_ENG Transportation of the equipment is carried out in accordance with the rules established in the various modes of transport .
LANG_ENG From now on , 2 large Posters (8m x 3,5m) will be displayed in front of the HQ .
LANG_ENG His current aim is the ascent of the " Seven Summits " (the highest mountains of all continents) in a new minimum record time .
LANG_ENG Sharon Hayes (* 1970) explores social realities by searching for historical parallels .
LANG_ENG Bilbao (Basque: Bilbo) is a city in northern Spain , the largest city in the Pais Vasco and the capital of the province of Bizkaia .
LANG_ENG I should like to pay tribute , in particular , to the negotiating team who accompanied me at those talks , to the successive presidencies for the work they have put in and to the Commission for a good outcome .
LANG_ENG 15 days after the operation: The recovery process after removal of stitches will completely be terminated .
LANG_ENG Take a plunge into the world of the master chef , who will teach you the art of cooking , baking , carving , and flambéing .
LANG_ENG And that is a thousand euros with a quick return for car-owners because of fuel economy and savings at the petrol pump .
LANG_ENG Our newest hotel is the Hotel Fuerte Rompido Suites , located in the small fishing village of the same name in the province of Huelva .
LANG_ENG Special attraction for divers is beautiful aquatic animal and plant life as well as a number of wrecks dating back as far as five centuries .
LANG_ENG The analysed company owns more than 5% of the capital stock of VISCARDI and / or a company affiliated with VISCARDI .
LANG_ENG The Commission estimates that it will cost EUR 1 billion to reach the required infrastructure level .
LANG_ENG Mr President , the common position on cocoa and chocolate products is the result of long and involved discussions .
LANG_ENG Given this , perhaps we should not hold China responsible for taking care of its own economic interests , even if it has aggravated in the process the costs of other countries " misguided currency policies .
LANG_ENG In expert hands , these are the only methods of successfully refilling balding areas on the head with aesthetically natural-looking hair .
LANG_ENG Since the launch of www.crossfit.com in 2001 , CrossFit has built a following around the world .
LANG_ENG He first married Élisabeth Depardieu , with whom he has two children: Guillaume and Julie . He has also a daughter , Roxanne , with Karine Silla .
LANG_ENG The Commission would like to support a broad interpretation so as to avoid undermining the principle of legality .
LANG_ENG I do not support and cannot accept abuse of people , individuals or communities because of their religious beliefs .
LANG_ENG Together with parents , we regularly organize the " Tag an der Börse " (Day at the Stock Exchange), which allows the pupils to visit our company and experience the stock market .
LANG_ENG The exhibitors also praised the concept; 82% rated f.re.e excellent to good (2009: 77%) More than 85% of the exhibitors stated that the trade fair worked very professionally with respect to service and information .
LANG_ENG Roma are still victims of discrimination in access to housing , employment , healthcare , and education , despite significant local efforts at the Council of Europe " s instigation and with its support .
LANG_ENG The transactional paradigm has its advantages and disadvantages .
LANG_ENG A house has three bedrooms and double bedrooms with bathroom . There are a dinning room , living room with a fireplace and fully-equipped kitchen for guests who want to prepare dishes of their choice .
LANG_ENG We shall be supporting the amendment to exempt music from the directive , an amendment originally conceived by my colleague Mr Pronk .
LANG_ENG The apartment has a fitted kitchen , and dining room which is large enough to cater for larger groups .
LANG_ENG That is why we support this Commission proposal not to transfer the entire 1 billion from 1998 to the year 1999 , but only ECU 500 million .
LANG_ENG Mr Hume has also personally taken major risks for peace .
LANG_ENG Mr President , on 27 February three people claiming to be members of the Brigade broke into the Medellín office of human rights lawyer Jesús María Valle Jaramillo .
LANG_ENG Air-recirculation mode switches on automatically at high outside temperatures .
LANG_ENG Large swimming pool (5 m x 11 m) with counter-current , pool deck , pool house .
LANG_ENG That is the consequence of the vote that is being taken today .
LANG_ENG Still bearing in mind the outcome of the referenda in France and the Netherlands , the second point I should like to make is that the Polish people have been very much alarmed by the tone and direction of the debate in these countries .
LANG_ENG In that case that Netherlands sought the annulment of the Code of Conduct concerning public access to Council and Commission documents .
LANG_ENG The Schall group of companies is now making the titles of all articles , along with condensed texts and corresponding links , available to you .
LANG_ENG The Commission has of course been the progressive player in this matter , as a unit for women and research was created several years ago in the Directorate-General for Research .
LANG_ENG A hole drilled into the table top provides a pathway for electric cables .
LANG_ENG The High Level Group , chaired by Mr de Larosière , has produced , as you know , very interesting recommendations , and the Commission &apos;s communication of 4 March also paves the way for significant reform in this area .
LANG_ENG " An Inconvenient Truth " makes three points: global warming is real; it will be catastrophic; and addressing it should be our top priority .
LANG_ENG We need a Tobin tax to give us a fiscal instrument with which we can intervene .
LANG_ENG For more information please call at telephone 0318-634366 or you can contact us via our contact form to send a message .
LANG_ENG The Sailing Centre - is open from 10.30 until about 7 pm .
LANG_ENG We offer several brackets to install it .
LANG_ENG The problem is so serious that there is even talk of yet another threat to social cohesion , a threat which needs to be dealt with promptly through decisive policies on the part of the European Union .
LANG_ENG That is the name of the game and I fully agree with you .
LANG_ENG NEW YORK - Two years ago , sovereign wealth funds (SWFs) were the bogeymen of world finance .
LANG_ENG Directives on a sectoral basis alone will only result in " salami slicing " of the overall public interest and carve out sectors for business benefit .
LANG_ENG Benefit from free parking and the proximity to public transport facilities .
LANG_ENG Discussing the options of economic policy means making politics together , every year .
LANG_ENG As you know , spending on defence is not covered by the Community budget and the operation in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia will therefore be funded by the Member States .
LANG_ENG As the war progressed , two factors arose that led to a revolution in Hergé &apos;s style .
LANG_ENG Will be presented Thursday , March 11 , 2009 the new book published by Italvapore titled &quot; Train in Tuscany , words on the train and the train &quot; at the Library of the Oblate (FI).
LANG_ENG The number of days of exceedance could easily be adjusted , but that is something to negotiate only when necessary .
LANG_ENG The EU initiative &apos; European Capital of Culture &apos; was created to highlight Europe &apos;s cultural richness and diversity , sharing it out and promoting mutual understanding amongst Europeans .
LANG_ENG The monthly administrative fee is the same for all institutions , irrespective of the number of certified educational programmes .
LANG_ENG With this in mind , economic co-operation is focused particularly on economic and social development , the development of human resources , support for business , agriculture and food , non-military nuclear energy , transport , tourism , environmental protection , co-operation in general and many other fields .
LANG_ENG However , I have to say that it has taken them two years to discover this and they should not have discovered it at this point in the debate .
LANG_ENG Are the Commission and the Council prepared to give the EU these tools ?
LANG_ENG The six-month ceasefire , which expired on 19 December , was far from perfect .
LANG_ENG Incidentally , that also applies - anticipating the objection - to the Heads of State and Government in December if they want something different .
LANG_ENG Loads of room for 2 persons , even for up to 5 persons enough .
LANG_ENG " The start was successful and our teams are motivated .
LANG_ENG Built in 2002 , this hotel comprises a total of 104 rooms spread over 4 floors . A foyer with 24-hour ...
LANG_ENG I believe that this procedure , as well as strengthening the EU public &apos;s food safety , introduces greater clarity for Member States and third countries that export meat products to the EU .
LANG_ENG An experimental form of jet propulsion , the pulse detonation engine , uses a series of well-timed detonations to generate thrust .
LANG_ENG Of course , we never lose sight of the most important aspect: People and their mobility needs .
LANG_ENG We have the following problem with the land registry: it cost 26 times more than planned .
LANG_ENG It is they who face the relevant problems in practice .
LANG_ENG You have your own terms of business and make them available to the customer .
LANG_ENG Mr Mulder &apos;s report contains many important provisions in that regard .
LANG_ENG The problem is that the Commission nowhere mentions the scientific results and experience in the light of which the Directive is said to require amendment .
LANG_ENG Price per room and per night in double room .
LANG_ENG From here on with the bus up to Tesero .
LANG_ENG I would also like to thank all the shadow rapporteurs , as well as Mr Van Hecke , who preceded me in covering this dossier , for the excellent work carried out and for managing to maintain the unity of our institution right through to the end .
LANG_ENG Select the type of HTML to be tested (either Local or URL).
LANG_ENG It is better to wear comfortable clothes , long trousers and closed shoes .
LANG_ENG That is to say , the freedom of movement of people and the free movement of capital are essentially fine words , yet what have Hungarians seen of these until now ?
LANG_ENG It could damage and delay the adhesion process for some prospective members , causing rifts between them , and might create different opportunities at the outset - such as the opportunity to attract foreign investment - which would discriminate unfairly between them .
LANG_ENG Epic BattleLore , our expansion for fighting epic battles over two boards rather than a single one , is now shipping in the US (and soon in Europe and the rest of the world).
LANG_ENG This page was last edited at 08: 59 , on 18 June 2009 by Anonymous user (s) of Wikitravel .
LANG_ENG The first one as you mentioned , relates to the proposals on the amendment of the directive on general product safety .
LANG_ENG Lot us then begin be defining what we mean by modern thought .
LANG_ENG A favourite with guests is traditional afternoon tea , taken at the welcoming fireside lobby . In the evening , the bar offers a special menu and drinks .
LANG_ENG For my part , I am convinced that , in the present situation , the best way is that of continued work by the weapons inspectors , quite simply because military intervention is always the last resort .
LANG_ENG IF ANY AMENDMENT IS UNACCEPTABLE TO THE AFFILIATE , THE AFFILIATE " S ONLY RECOURSE IS TO TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT .
LANG_ENG Description: Vino elaborado con una rigurosa selección de uva .
LANG_ENG In 2007 she took an honorary position as President for the charity .
LANG_ENG Gas analysers for packages of all sizes , including portable and waterproof versions .
LANG_ENG The room was adequete and a decent price . The neighborhood was safe and shops in the area reasonablly priced .
LANG_ENG Perhaps the viewer , too , will approach himself - in dialogue with the figure .
LANG_ENG Machinery and equipment for earth works / Hoisting building machines and equipment / Special construction machinery and equipment ...
LANG_ENG It is about slaughtering mere calves , and this has rightly fallen into disrepute .
LANG_ENG In that respect , she has achieved more than her predecessor .
LANG_ENG Over time the camps were converted into settlements and villages in Aspen began gradually .
LANG_ENG Whatever the underlying political intentions , there are other factors that impinge on fishing techniques , notably verification by those involved at a practical level , namely fishermen , and the fish themselves , that are quite oblivious to efforts at political mediation .
LANG_ENG A sparkling-white , and hospital clean bathroom with bathtub and shower invite relaxation .
LANG_ENG But an Australian study suggests to try exactly that for once .
LANG_ENG The bilingual Summer Camp in Spain in Tarifa , Andalusia opens a new horizon in language learning thanks to the teamwork with an experienced outdoor adventure company .
LANG_ENG First , the discussion of a levy on bank deposits , and whether small customers should be exempted , put class conflict front and center .
LANG_ENG This does not mean , though , that the Common Agricultural Policy was not in need of reform , both in our own states and in the candidate countries , whether enlargement took place or not .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Mrs Lambert and Mrs Ghilardotti are right .
LANG_ENG The next item is the Council communication on the problems in the sector of competitiveness .
LANG_ENG In addition , I would like to say that particular importance needs to be attached to fruits , which are sensitive products and which have greater need for protection .
LANG_ENG His eccentric painting style , at once finely tuned and anarchic , displays a sensitivity to pop culture and a bold will to scandalize , and is as astonishingly fresh and relevant today as when it was created .
LANG_ENG Finally , many fine vegetarian desserts are available , though some might seem overly sweet to western tastes .
LANG_ENG Ecological and fair production conditions are very important for Daniel Badilatti .
LANG_ENG Olympus sponsors Jon Nicholson Inside Ferrari book: Formula 1 fans and lovers of great photography will find plenty to interest them in the new book , Inside Ferrari by Jon Nicholson .
LANG_ENG Viliam Holub discovered a bug in gtksee whereby , when loading PNG images of certain color depths , gtksee would overflow a heap-allocated buffer .
LANG_ENG The way in which we use the Internet is also rapidly being transformed from the passive acquisition of information to an interactive approach .
LANG_ENG It is important to protect the tuna fishery for future generations .
LANG_ENG But even when health-care use would be expected to be equal , such as care for HIV / AIDS in Africa , gender-based expectations impede HIV-positive men from obtaining antiretroviral drugs proportionate to their needs .
LANG_ENG But above all they are very , very cute and affectionate .
LANG_ENG They are also working to mobilise and make available other sources of financing , both public and private .
LANG_ENG We want to recruit the very best people to Cummins Filtration .
LANG_ENG Track and trace possible , two delivery attempts , then you have 3 weeks for pickup at the postoffice .
LANG_ENG We should not forget the radio sector in audio-visual .
LANG_ENG Nearby is the charming town of Trakai , with its absorbing castle museum .
LANG_ENG Being subjected to violence in the home is a horrendous violation of personal integrity .
LANG_ENG may be a string of one or more characters .
LANG_ENG It is an issue which concerns all the institutional bodies of the European Union .
LANG_ENG Once again , this must be cleared up and I am convinced that our rapporteur , Mr Ferber , will succeed in this .
LANG_ENG Another of Brave New World " s strategies for control was to maximize divisions among the populace .
LANG_ENG It was built in 1765 to mark the marriage of archduke Leopold and the spanish princess Maria Ludovica .
LANG_ENG We have voted in favour of a good budget which constitutes an appropriate link between our recent past and our immediate future .
LANG_ENG The current financial and economic crisis highlights that trade policy is more important than ever to the developing countries .
LANG_ENG To sign up for the Oberpollinger Newsletter , please fill in this application form .
LANG_ENG The draft agenda has been distributed and the following amendments have been proposed or included .
LANG_ENG May 2008 with 1 points is below threshold .
LANG_ENG This directive does introduce clear rules , but a great deal of work will still have to be done during the next revision on some of the more controversial issues , particularly on the level of retention for the purposes of securitisation .
LANG_ENG Regular guests at our hotel value its peaceful , green location and the numerous leisure activities that are available , including tennis , jogging , cycling and walking , as well as swimming in the lake .
LANG_ENG In the evening you can again indulge yourself in a delicious spring dinner of 3 courses .
LANG_ENG Here , too , we need standards of excellence and a Luxembourg process .
LANG_ENG Mr President , the debate on computer-implemented innovations has been an interesting , passionate debate , but unfortunately most of the contributors have taken either a black or a white position .
LANG_ENG All products can be finish machined in-house as well as heat and surface treated . Even completely mounted assemblies can be supplied .
LANG_ENG Kratom has the dubious honor to be banned in the country it originated from .
LANG_ENG It was quite different from the normal compulsory collective demonstrations of solidarity .
LANG_ENG You also agree that you will not alter , disassemble , decompile , reverse engineer or otherwise modify the Downloaded Content .
LANG_ENG I have always regretted the notorious boycott of Burundi , particularly as it was so selective .
LANG_ENG At that time , the most commonly used fonts were still the old PostScript Type 1 and TrueType formats .
LANG_ENG All Spherical Coordinate Systems define such a Fundamental Plane .
LANG_ENG When the Treaty of Lisbon comes into force , this will break the stalemate which Europe has been in for some years .
LANG_ENG Two worlds clashed during the Spanish conquest of the sixteenth century .
LANG_ENG The fight against cancer is one example .
LANG_ENG Where do such borders lie , when we see that European cities such as Belgrade and Dubrovnik are still outside the European Union ?
LANG_ENG Would you book on Costasur again ?
LANG_ENG Beyond this , I stress the critical importance of research and development and innovation to the future of Europe .
LANG_ENG I have clearly stated my values: freedom , respect for human rights , the rule of law , equal opportunities and solidarity .
LANG_ENG It has a business centre and well-equipped en suite rooms .
LANG_ENG Public incitement to violence and hatred for reasons of racism or xenophobia will be criminalised .
LANG_ENG Our support for the current and future democratically elected Russian authorities must continue .
LANG_ENG In that sense , a reflection on the subject of " diplomatic choice of words " is of primary importance for Paris .
LANG_ENG As a concrete example , by clarifying the rules on collectively managed copyrights , we can simplify the current framework conditions , encourage further cross-border activity and release important job-creating potential - not least in the promising digital sector .
LANG_ENG P + P belongs to the leading tax law firms in Germany with P + P &apos;s Frankfurt partner Andreas Rodin as one of the leading global tax lawyers .
LANG_ENG I believe that is a serious error .
LANG_ENG Remember , cartilage piercing carries a greater risk of infection , permanent scarring and the potential of cartilage deformity .
LANG_ENG Subsembly Wallet automatically manages a backup copy of each Wallet file for you .
LANG_ENG So not everything is negative .
LANG_ENG Mali &apos;s population consists of diverse Sub-Saharan ethnic groups , sharing similar historic , cultural , and religious traditions . Exceptions are the Tuaregs and Maurs , desert nomads , related to the North African Berbers .
LANG_ENG The European Union also needs to realise that many textile-producing countries regarded as vulnerable are also at risk of being seriously affected by the lifting of quotas .
LANG_ENG Great location , transportation nearby . Very good buffet breakfast .
LANG_ENG Instead we wll review some of the images of the day , and share with each other &quot; the catch of the day &quot; .
LANG_ENG Please click on the links on the left side of this page , to learn more about the different art projects .
LANG_ENG Mr President , in the previous Parliament , many Members , especially from Southern Europe , were in favour of free trade in milder drugs .
LANG_ENG Tradenet is the exclusive distributor of the brand Hattori Hanzo , a global company that operates in the field of professional hairdressing scissors , since 1994 .
LANG_ENG The only tactic of resisting the institutional market for the freelance artist is to become the mediating machine him / herself , producing productivity and a self-governed networking .
LANG_ENG Together , Europeans must find what connects them , and derive new enthusiasm , new spirit from what they find - a spirit sorely needed to tackle the great issues of today .
LANG_ENG He recently affirmed his intention to organise general elections without taking account of the timetable provided for in the Maputo and Addis Ababa agreements .
LANG_ENG I have read the legislation .
LANG_ENG I wish to talk about it on behalf of the Socialist Group .
LANG_ENG In conjunction with the European Travel Insurers AG or Travel Secure we are able to offer an attractive trip cancellation insurance policy .
LANG_ENG Additionally special solutions for certain applica-tions were developed: " The children tourniquet " diverts the attention of the small patients . " The Emergency Tourniquet " for rescue services allows to set precise and adjustable compressions and stoppage of traumatic bleeding .
LANG_ENG In fact , Commissioner Barnier went the extra mile to reconcile conflicting views and tensions and to incorporate different priorities of the various stakeholders .
LANG_ENG Relish the culinary delights , high-class service and stylishly furnished rooms with all the comforts of a 4 star hotel .
LANG_ENG  (The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 (8)) 
LANG_ENG Guests also enjoy our friendly breakfast room - where we serve a lavish extended breakfast - which also serves throughout the day as a guest lounge with satellite TV and fridge .
LANG_ENG contains credentials for username-only authentication (no password needed).
LANG_ENG The enthusiasm in Denmark is equally great .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I shall be brief and begin by thanking the two rapporteurs , Mrs Berès and Mr Feio , on behalf of the Council .
LANG_ENG Turning on a computer and starting the operating system poses an interesting dilemma . By definition , the computer does not know how to do anything until the operating system is started .
LANG_ENG But this is mitigated at times by public revulsion over suicide bombing attacks in Israel .
LANG_ENG However , the TAC may not vary by more than 15% year on year .
LANG_ENG As a core member of the Mitsui &amp; Co . Europe Plc group of companies , Mitsui &amp; Co . Deutschland GmbH is headquartered in Düsseldorf , with its own subsidiary companies and offices located in the eastern neighboring countries .
LANG_ENG Surprice your friends with an e-postcard !
LANG_ENG This trinity is not something new for Japan , but has deep historical roots .
LANG_ENG Obviously not !
LANG_ENG Mr President , has the political transformation been a success ?
LANG_ENG Since only 3 years ago in pushing for a council of the mining area .
LANG_ENG FahrschuleOnline.de exclusively uses the questions published by the Bundesministerium to better prepare our students .
LANG_ENG A moderate number of video distribution in the short history is still disappointing , and it will continue to be added to the new .
LANG_ENG There are some bright spots .
LANG_ENG The first question concerns the vote during the April meeting .
LANG_ENG Money Magic
LANG_ENG This 3-star hotel offers cosy accommodation and a traditional restaurant in the Borbeck district of Essen , just steps away from the Schloss Borbeck castle and Borbeck railway station .
LANG_ENG The report that Mr Scottà is presenting today and which will be debated includes certain questions , ideas and proposals along these lines , and I shall strive as far as possible to take account of these ideas when I come to present the legislative proposals to you .
LANG_ENG The prospect of EU membership has already empowered modernisers and human rights defenders in Turkey to push for the necessary changes .
LANG_ENG However , I do not think his answer was a sufficient response to the question put to him .
LANG_ENG To continue using the software after the 30-day evaluation period , you should pay a registration fee .
LANG_ENG The content of this website (documents and files) has been composed with the utmost care .
LANG_ENG Provided with optimized drivers for Windows 95 / 98 , ME , NT , 2000 and XP; no additional software required; also compatible with MS-DOS , OS / 2 and Windows 3.x.
LANG_ENG If any damage occurs by the use of information presented there , only the author of the respective pages might be liable , not the one who has linked to these pages .
LANG_ENG The broad range of our services and our innovative high quality products - in the framework of our Manufacturing Execution System (MES) HYDRA - offers pioneering solutions to forward-looking companies .
LANG_ENG The Pure " s modern double rooms and single rooms are fitted with state-of-the-art amenities .
LANG_ENG The oldest castle in the Bohemian Paradise , nowadays the ruins of a gothic castle , which was founded in 13th century .
LANG_ENG Thirdly , as regards the fair distribution of payments , how are you going to remedy the fact that under the agricultural policy , 20% of farmers receive 80% of the funds ?
LANG_ENG Right now you can stay ahead of the upcoming trends in eco-packaging while deciding to cooperate with us .
LANG_ENG Another very important matter is that Mr Bush , the President of the United States , will be in Göteborg later this week to meet EU leaders .
LANG_ENG Before you terminate something , or delete it , you need to make sure that it is not benign software needed for correct system operation .
LANG_ENG Another window will ask if you want to use the &apos; auto-configuration of IPv6 , once again confirm with Yes .
LANG_ENG Music - Select this to listen to background music while you play .
LANG_ENG From this , it is clear that the only possible and realistic solution to peacekeeping in Darfur is a UN operation .
LANG_ENG Let us , therefore , take a step back from the daily irritants and the news from the wires and let us look at the broader historical context of Europe and Russia , as well as at the many interests we have in common .
LANG_ENG - After the vote on Amendment 19:
LANG_ENG It does not make Europe more competitive , but pulls it back .
LANG_ENG Although traditionally made and eaten during the Winter holidays , many pastry shops (including larger supermarkets) sell them throughout the year .
LANG_ENG Secondly , it is right that transatlantic relations have been mentioned .
LANG_ENG WHAT RIGHTS DO YOU HAVE AND HOW CAN YOU CONTACT SKYPE ?
LANG_ENG The first refers to the improvement of the quality of budget execution .
LANG_ENG Do we , in future , seriously want to prohibit them from doing that ?
LANG_ENG Essentially , this report represents a balanced , far-reaching , sensible and tough approach to a perennial problem which besets all Member States of the EU .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Mr Camisón Asensio , please allow me just to state the following and then to give my response to this question .
LANG_ENG Whether or not we have been successful is a matter for debate , as we have already heard from several colleagues .
LANG_ENG The confidentiality of technical information should be guaranteed , in other words .
LANG_ENG Individual problems can thus be grouped together in classes of problems .
LANG_ENG Where is the replacement for the Kyoto Protocol that was absolutely necessary a year ago ?
LANG_ENG Demand for fish is high .
LANG_ENG We have a self-catering kitchen as well as a 50 seat restaurant where we serve breakfast everyday and evening meals for groups .
LANG_ENG A one-stop solution of services focusing on your project .
LANG_ENG For a fun summer outing , why not consider Selva Negra ?
LANG_ENG Who is right ?
LANG_ENG We will adapt our services to your situation; it concerns individual , tailored services .
LANG_ENG Personable , friendly , and understanding , the instructors / directors are highly qualified and have also personally experienced the difficulty of learning another language as adults .
LANG_ENG That is my answer to your very important question .
LANG_ENG We had a lot of fun and a lovely holiday .
LANG_ENG This takes you past a terraced planting of Camellias to an area dank and dark but home to the lovely Tree Ferns (Dicksonia and Cyathea spp) which have an air of majesty and coolness .
LANG_ENG Feel the closer to your self .
LANG_ENG I believe that , in adopting this text , Parliament will be increasing this possibility even more .
LANG_ENG It would go against the logic of simplifying the EU &apos;s external financial instruments .
LANG_ENG Reach the top of the ladder by answering fun trivia questions .
LANG_ENG Yet that idea is now under threat because of the successor we chose .
LANG_ENG We fear it would be manipulated and interpreted as a collective reaction orchestrated by what are polemically called &apos; former colonial powers &apos; against Zimbabwe and its government .
LANG_ENG Blogging is a task that can eat up all your time . Blogging is a task that can eat up all your time .
LANG_ENG Now it is about EUR 270 per tonne , and it is profitable to produce .
LANG_ENG I believe that the Irish people know that the situation is different now .
LANG_ENG In its 3rd Alpine Report , to be published in autumn 2007 , CIPRA is making the results of Future in the Alps available to a broad public .
LANG_ENG Applause
LANG_ENG It will be a visible demonstration of the inclusive Europe we want to build .
LANG_ENG Tell your friends about UseNetServer and earn a $ 10 credit on your account for every person you refer to UNS .
LANG_ENG does not return the correct value until all the rows in the result set have been retrieved .
LANG_ENG Aside from the function , these ancillary chambers with articulate masonry and architectural ornament represent a significant aesthetic contribution of the Isaurian churches to Byzantine architecture , a characteristic that differentiates them even from those in the neighboring provinces .
LANG_ENG In addition there is also a promise from China that the UN Commissioner for Human Rights , Mrs Robinson , can look forward to an invitation to visit China .
LANG_ENG FRAUENSERVICE / WOMEN " S SERVICE Graz works on the basis of securing , changing , and further developing of existing concepts and schemes .
LANG_ENG The idea is that the student could meet the yidam , if he or she were open enough .
LANG_ENG We are dealing with an issue of procedure and my Group is in favour of a debate with a resolution in the second September part-session .
LANG_ENG However , the Council is waiting for the assessment of the previous initiative soon to be delivered by the Commission with a view to seeking agreement with Parliament about its funding in the context of a global agreement during the second reading .
LANG_ENG All of these features and more can be found in Adobe Photoshop CS4 Extended , which serves users with advanced motion graphics functions , dramatically expanded 3D visualization capabilities and precise image analysis .
LANG_ENG A conti fatti qui c &apos; � un editore che sta dicendo che la � colpa � dei suoi ritardi editoriali � degli autori che sono scappati dopo essersi arricchiti e diventati famosi grazie al suo buon cuore e al suo portafoglio .
LANG_ENG Establishing the Milk Fund would send an important signal to European farmers , highlighting the genuine concern that the EU &apos;s institutions show for the crisis the dairy product sector has endured .
LANG_ENG Moskow Forklift Driver Slammed Thousands of Vodka Bottles ... &#124; Rost funkelt g � lden in der Oktobersonne .
LANG_ENG I should also at this point mention the role played by the European Police Office , Europol , in combating terrorism .
LANG_ENG I am asking Parliament to do as we did before - to vote in favour of this in order to reject the Council &apos;s proposal .
LANG_ENG So Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne turns out , on this view , to be a hero of global finance .
LANG_ENG You only have to look at a photograph of the Heads of States of the European Union and compare the number of men and of women - it is just not acceptable .
LANG_ENG We also recognize there is more work to be done to accomplish these goals .
LANG_ENG They judge the value of the product on offer .
LANG_ENG I would like to take the opportunity to thank the ECB for its cooperation and availability in responding to my various queries .
LANG_ENG Indeed , in my opinion , Europe will only be great when it has common defence and is able to intervene with military force to safeguard its democratic identity .
LANG_ENG We do not want it to be ceremonial , we do not simply want to take lunch in Rome , although Rome is a wonderful city . What we want to do is to continue bringing our ideas and our impetus to this Intergovernmental Conference .
LANG_ENG The word &apos; shall &apos; indicates that the Council has no choice but to harmonise the excise duties insofar as they are an obstacle to the internal market .
LANG_ENG Seconds from beautiful beaches , this all-inclusive resort and spa offers an exotic tropical environment , complete with numerous amenities , services and activities that the entire family can enjoy .
LANG_ENG It is fully furnished and equipped for your comfort . Nice terrace ideal for having your breakfast or to just relax in .
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Hotel Imperial .
LANG_ENG Here you can find shopping centers like: Metro , Cora , Selgros , Profi , Kaufland , Billa , Praktiker , Sora , Central , Plus .
LANG_ENG The twenty-first century has only just begun , yet the signs point to storms ahead rather than peaceful co-existence based on solidarity .
LANG_ENG In the long term , however , it remains to be seen which other measures are adopted in this respect .
LANG_ENG Apartment on the first floor wthout elevator , the private terrace is on the second floor .
LANG_ENG The cystic parts may be more deeply pigmented than the peripheral parts .
LANG_ENG Smikodub A. , Demchuk M. Fetal Stem Cells in Rheumatoid Arthritis / / Tissue Engineering - 2007 .
LANG_ENG He combines the best products that nature has to offer in small successive dishes .
LANG_ENG Indeed , in that context the DirectorGeneral of the European Commission &apos;s DG XXIII is already chairing an inter-service group that includes all the Directorates which undertake activities on behalf of tourism .
LANG_ENG We have also been at the forefront on the rural livelihood agenda and helping to support legitimate employment .
LANG_ENG Booking.com: Regent House Hotel - B &amp; B , Edinburgh , United Kingdom - 53 Guest reviews .
LANG_ENG Yet that is an essential condition if a region or a country is to be declared safe from any contamination .
LANG_ENG Japan subsidises its rice by around five times its market value .
LANG_ENG In our consulting area of Global Sourcing , we are specialized in creating new partnerships between Western European buyers and capable sellers in Eastern Europe , Turkey and Asia .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the heat of the debate clearly shows that we are dealing with the heart of a real social issue and I would like to thank Mrs Buitenweg for having tackled it with her report .
LANG_ENG You ' ll see glaciers in the Gastein valley , waterfalls , wintry meadows and alpine pastures next to historical sights like the 11th century castle of Werfen and the former gold mine town of Bad Hofgastein .
LANG_ENG The fifth point is that the regulated rest time in a given week is fixed at a minimum of 45 hours , and the sixth that the report introduces the digital tachograph , thereby making possible extended and improved monitoring of compliance with the regulations .
LANG_ENG The instrument is based on proven , conical twin-screw technology with co- and counter rotating screws and works as a standalone unit with data export or as a fully computer-controlled system .
LANG_ENG The following link directs you to advice provided by Macintosh to fix the problems you are having .
LANG_ENG Moreover , the new Commissioners will include three former prime ministers , five former foreign ministers , and three former finance ministers - all heavyweight people with big political agendas at home .
LANG_ENG Niccolo Paganini: Concert for orchestra and violin no . 1 in D Mayor , op .
LANG_ENG Who give not the poor due , and who are disbelievers in the Hereafter .
LANG_ENG The budget for the Framework Programme over seven years is more than EUR 50 billion .
LANG_ENG We should not go on dismantling the public service while spouting fine words about their social value .
LANG_ENG To extend the information we invite you to visit our ecology page .
LANG_ENG It consists of a very small and discreet housing with miniature receiver .
LANG_ENG This report is the new Europe " s first dealing specifically with poverty among women .
LANG_ENG At the same time , I believe that it is a directive that can avoid two extremes , and that will be the case if the amendments are approved , as some of us hope .
LANG_ENG Thirdly , we have the problem of the uniform application of Community law .
LANG_ENG Produced by her long-time musical partner , pianist Mark Reinke , in a co-production with the Bayerischer Rundfunk (Bavarian Radio), " Dismantling Dreams " is Efrat " s fourth album with her band project Alony .
LANG_ENG According to Josephus , he then reaffirmed the rights and freedoms of all the Jews in the empire .
LANG_ENG We want the Member States and the Commission to provide more and better tax breaks for companies in terms of compliance with codes of conduct and corporate social responsibility criteria in their day-to-day business .
LANG_ENG Any measures aimed at improving conditions in these countries are very important .
LANG_ENG I have the impression that in the debate on PNR , those who support PNR data transfer are , paradoxically , in the opposing camp , because they do not like the way the Council treats Parliament .
LANG_ENG The consensus reached would be reflected in the Council " s common position , which the Council Presidency hopes to adopt in June .
LANG_ENG If not , why not , if we are serious about exerting serious economic pressure ?
LANG_ENG At the end of the day enjoy the relaxing atmosphere of our hotel bar . Our guests can choose between 73 rooms with tailor ...
LANG_ENG The Directive aims to reduce the risks associated with the use of plant protection products and on the environment and human health .
LANG_ENG We only knew that something had crashed , but it took hours to locate .
LANG_ENG The company K. Garaventa Sons , Goldau , manufactured the technical installations of the cableway .
LANG_ENG The XSD Cabinets are also double insulated to support the drying process with a heater at 40 ° C (confirm with IPC / JEDEC-J-STD-033B.1) or process optimized up to 60 ° C.
LANG_ENG We have even noted that the Council of Europe itself is showing more courage than this Parliament .
LANG_ENG You can move in within 24 hours as the offices of a business centre are always ready to go .
LANG_ENG I should like to hear whether the Council wishes to cooperate on this .
LANG_ENG Thank you , Mr Carnero .
LANG_ENG Individual like our guests - in a truly creative atmosphere .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I should like to support Mr Schulz &apos;s motion to refer the three reports back to the committees responsible .
LANG_ENG Local specialties include wine from grapes , especially white grapes , and from apples (a kind of cider). This apple wine (ebbelwei) may be enjoyed straight (pur) or mixed (gespritzt).
LANG_ENG While you are indulging all your senses , you are also nourishing your soul . An unforgettable experience !
LANG_ENG Before that he has lead the Munich Re Investor &amp; Rating Agency Relations division and worked as a buy side analyst for various financial institutions .
LANG_ENG However , this solution must be a fair one for all the other Member States .
LANG_ENG Problems faced due to frost will be handled separately .
LANG_ENG Steinfurth is exhibiting during the Interbev Show , Orlando , FL , USA from September 22nd until 24th , 2010 .
LANG_ENG They may meet the reasonable expectations of the banks , the exchange dealers and the other major economic actors , but they take little account of the man in the street .
LANG_ENG The Princess has been kidnapped , defeat the evil minions to save her !
LANG_ENG As with many political terms , since the word is used in different ways by different groups , different people can be classified in different ways based on it .
LANG_ENG The European Parliament must be given codecision powers .
LANG_ENG I believe that the Member States are now moving towards self-imposed nonutilization of funding and slowing-down our processes , which will lead to problems in the longer term .
LANG_ENG The cable had to be dropped at particular locations and the cars coast , for example when crossing another cable line . Breaks and frays in the cable , which occurred frequently , required the complete cessation of services over a cable route , while the cable was repaired .
LANG_ENG The idea is to establish a democratic dialogue . It sounds so appealing , of course , but this very project reflects a total misunderstanding of the nature of democracy .
LANG_ENG The more natural the environment , the better the crystal formation - and as a consequence this means that the water is better and more palatable .
LANG_ENG Massage , tour guide , shopping service and many other services upon request . Experience Santorini from its best side .
LANG_ENG You will immediately be sent your &quot; Confirmation of Entry &quot; by email and PlayUKinternet will not be liable for losses incurred by lack of performance by players &apos; internet service providers .
LANG_ENG The enormous potential associated with fusion means we must make it possible: the more resources we invest , the faster we shall achieve results .
LANG_ENG Check the box if you wish to add the option to your subscription .
LANG_ENG The repulsion of criticism in Germany , according to Adorno , derives from an aggressive , institutionally interwoven spirit of militarism that seeks to dominate the civil areas of society .
LANG_ENG Meet us on one of the following fairs - we look forward to a personal discussion .
LANG_ENG The Sony Cybershot R1 is far from your average digital camera .
LANG_ENG This rapprochement needs to be encouraged here too , so that we can consolidate our relations , which we are not doing when it comes to the security and stability of the new , enlarged Europe .
LANG_ENG In view of the daunting challenges the human species is facing , isn " t this process far too slow to really make a difference ?
LANG_ENG We also need to take account of the strategic , albeit precarious balance that currently exists in the Taiwan Strait .
LANG_ENG Educating junior political leadership , public sector officials , judges and all those connected with the media , including journalists of course , is necessary , because freedom of expression is threatened from various sides .
LANG_ENG The cotton blend with X-Static silver fibers offers a cotton yarn with excellent antibacterial and anti-odor properties .
LANG_ENG Logitech " s X-140 stereo speakers have the quality and innovation you expect from Logitech .
LANG_ENG However , it must be said that no further progress was made in the satellite monitoring of livestock transportation , and it is also regrettable that some European farmers are not following the approved standards , particularly in pig farming .
LANG_ENG In the EU , literally millions of animals have been killed and destroyed in the last four years as a result of an explosive spreading of animal diseases including foot-and-mouth and swine fever .
LANG_ENG When the check-box is disabled , the strokes are black .
LANG_ENG hereby offers to you a co-operation in desing of plastic part to be rotomolded , manufacture of tool and following deliveries of ready made rotomolded products .
LANG_ENG This Communication says nothing about this issue .
LANG_ENG That is not the case with Barbara Schmidbauer .
LANG_ENG Thank you for having the courage to talk to China .
LANG_ENG on behalf of the ALDE Group . - (ES) I feel , Mr President , that beyond its actual format the report is balanced , extremely important , and deals with an issue that is all too familiar to us nowadays .
LANG_ENG I also believe that we need an employment chapter offering genuine co-ordination of national employment policies .
LANG_ENG April 25 - Battle of Hedgeley Moore - Yorkist forces under Lord Montague defeat Lancastrians under Sir Ralph Percy , who is killed .
LANG_ENG It will mean that the map of Europe will be redrawn .
LANG_ENG ConVerve is authorized to stop the service at any time , or to delete your data without giving reasons .
LANG_ENG All of these different choices are present in the gastronomy of Lloret de Mar .
LANG_ENG Thirdly , in the morning I would like to be able to get my newspaper quickly .
LANG_ENG To receive the cost of your project send the description of the problem to marketing (@) belbc.co m .
LANG_ENG With its high professionalism and understanding of customers requirements , the Lingo Translation Agency was awarded as the Choice of the Year for the third straight year .
LANG_ENG So , can a crew shortage be considered to be an exceptional circumstance ?
LANG_ENG Since we started manufacturing specialty chemicals in 1928 as the G. Frederick Smith Chemical Company , we have become the preferred source for a wide variety of analytical reagents , organic chemical intermediates , and inorganic salts and solutions .
LANG_ENG We wish to be a little more equivocal about that and it is the position Mr de Vries has always accepted , not to threaten .
LANG_ENG It is quite extraordinary that the Council has only finally spoken out now , and spoken in such muted terms .
LANG_ENG Racism and xenophobia are the most direct violations of the principles of freedom and democracy and our fundamental rights .
LANG_ENG Honour crimes , gross human rights abuses , lack of protection for non-Muslim minorities , absence of religious freedom and anti-Christian attacks and propaganda are my biggest concern .
LANG_ENG You will be directed to the registration form after choosing the training you would like to view .
LANG_ENG You should do as we have done ! &apos;
LANG_ENG Right-click on the Sidebar icon on your taskbar and select Properties .
LANG_ENG Here is one of the last primeval forests of the country with very old trees - some of them are about 40 meters in height .
LANG_ENG Indeed , this problem is already present in the current system .
LANG_ENG 21 . My credit card is valid at time of online purchasing but will expire before my travel .
LANG_ENG The test adapter fulfills all requirements needed to connect to IBM Rational Quality Manager .
LANG_ENG The two indoor and outdoor swimming pools , sauna , fitness centre , three conference halls and business centre will make your stay even more comfortable and successful .
LANG_ENG In my view , employment is not a goal in itself as far as the Bank is concerned .
LANG_ENG The surrounding tiled terrace with its sun loungers , table , sun umbrella and chairs gives you panoramic views of Santa Cruz bay and the mountain sides .
LANG_ENG Wherever your conference is being held , the Brähler ICS Network will find out where conference technicians and material are available to you and will offer you a solution at the best possible price .
LANG_ENG No one country therefore receives one single euro less from the projects which have been discussed up to now .
LANG_ENG Whether this would be a legislative proposal or rather take the form of a charter on patients &apos; rights will depend , as I have said , on the results of the consultation .
LANG_ENG What prompted this downturn was , initially , the fobbing off of public criticism and rejection with the promise of a hard currency and the introduction of the so-called Stability and Growth Pact , the economically and legally dubious means whereby one was meant to be created .
LANG_ENG The projects for these customers will be implemented from over 80 locations in 23 countries both locally and cross border .
LANG_ENG Should they be thrown overboard or taken somewhere ?
LANG_ENG The proposal for a recommendation states that it is particularly dangerous for children and young people to be exposed to second-hand smoke and that this could increase the likelihood of their taking up smoking .
LANG_ENG We are no anonymous company . We are and will remain a philanthropic Hartmann family business .
LANG_ENG These measures will damp down a certain radicalism developing in this sector which is adding to the unacceptable social tension .
LANG_ENG We support , of course , educational exchanges of Erasmus , Socrates and so on in the European Educational Institute in Florence , but not enough students get the opportunity to experience Europe .
LANG_ENG  (GA) Mr President , I have a few points to make on this topic .
LANG_ENG ANAUNIA offers both standard solutions and an unlimited range of tailor-made solutions , using finishes in wood , laminates , furniture upholstery , mirror , synthetic materials and so on , in the colours and patterns requested ..
LANG_ENG The Bush administration &apos;s emphasis on promoting democracy in the Middle East suggests it understands the importance of values in foreign policy .
LANG_ENG I voted in favour of the important resolution on the livestock sector in the hope of improving the lot of livestock farmers and the whole sector , which is in crisis due to strong speculation for a rise in animal feed prices .
LANG_ENG Parts of the house date back to the Napoleonic era and the house boasts features characteristic of the famous Italian Liberty architecture dating back to the turn of the last century .
LANG_ENG Both fundamentalism and the demands of assimilation - be like us , now ! - pre-empt these mechanisms .
LANG_ENG There was a really broad consensus on the points we discussed , and I do not just mean humanitarian issues and reconstruction in Afghanistan , but also other political issues .
LANG_ENG Above all , I should like here to criticise the fact that , now as before , no specific sharing of the burden between individual countries has been arrived at . It even looks as though any such personal distribution of the burden has receded into the far distance .
LANG_ENG 8) On most flights operated by the SkyTeam Alliance , booking in Economy Class; in the event that full fair economy is booked and paid for at least 24 hours prior to departure .
LANG_ENG In these newsletters BCN may inform you , among other things , about new features on BCN , new BCN-Locations (BCN-Ports) and the owner (BCN-Agents).
LANG_ENG In the end , they will spend half the day writing a report about what they have done .
LANG_ENG But trust me , ISO 800 is not that bad at all , but photos with no scharpness in it ... ARE ! !
LANG_ENG Guests will be able to experience the narrow lanes , old churches , ancient pubs adjoining quaint breweries alongside hip bars and clubs as well as the longest bar in the world !
LANG_ENG I hope that the practical application of this legislative initiative does not turn out to be excessively bureaucratic , discouraging use of this new instrument .
LANG_ENG The sense of responsibility and rigor in matters of management and loyalty forge the identity and motivate the men and women who work for the Group .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Mr Needle is concerned about the smuggling of cigarettes out of Andorra and wonders what measures the Commission intends to take to combat this trade .
LANG_ENG I should like to say quite clearly that interinstitutional agreements are all well and good , but they are not the right tool for effective control .
LANG_ENG On 1st February 2006 , Santiago &apos;s appeals Court ruled that Pinochet was healthy enough to stand trial for alleged human rights abuses stemming from the Colombo Operation .
LANG_ENG It contains plans for financial support for all the main renewable energy sources sectors .
LANG_ENG The quality of its performance is debatable , but Ambassador Moratinos &apos; role in the region and the Council resolutions have certainly been effective .
LANG_ENG On another point , this is also my last day of school in this House , as it is for many fellow Members .
LANG_ENG With those reservations , we commend Mr Ford &apos;s report to the House and we shall be voting for all the amendments in his report apart from Nos 1 and 12 .
LANG_ENG The new items include posters like House of Usher (German 1rst-release), Horror of Dracula (Arg .
LANG_ENG One of the most pressing problems is the matter of increasing budgetary means for 2010 for the translation of questions referred for preliminary rulings , which are a basic instrument used by national courts to allow them to adapt national jurisdiction to European jurisdiction .
LANG_ENG 29 of our 74 rooms combine French flair with present-day elegance .
LANG_ENG Mr White argued for the freeing of all dissidents in Cuba .
LANG_ENG We too believe that we need to keep the global negotiating strategy and consolidate it further in the coming months .
LANG_ENG We need to mitigate the negative impact of this disease - one of saddest aspects being that it is a taboo condition , something people dare not discuss freely .
LANG_ENG After all , economic growth remains China " s best hope to keep the regime afloat , and it is the main criterion for officials " promotion through the ranks .
LANG_ENG The horchata found in Ecuador is similar to the Mexican kind , but sesame seeds are used instead of almonds .
LANG_ENG Last time , we talked about East Timor and today , we are talking about the Moluccas . We might talk about yet another part of Indonesia tomorrow , for the problem is not confined to the Moluccas .
LANG_ENG First of all I disagree with the analysis that the intervention in Afghanistan was necessary - on the contrary !
LANG_ENG I accept the borrowing and access rules of the library .
LANG_ENG We have done ours .
LANG_ENG It consists of an upper part (kataginu) with wide , wing-like shoulder parts , and the hakama (see below) worn over a kimono .
LANG_ENG Regardless if you want a simpler buffet-style dinner or a five course meal , Åsljungagården will help you find the perfect option for you .
LANG_ENG In the sector of scientific use lasers , Lasertech has cooperated with the CNR (National Research Council) in Italy on developing tech equipment based on solid state laser diodes .
LANG_ENG During the festival 10% discount on accommodation .
LANG_ENG Show us your procurement problems - we gladly help you .
LANG_ENG For seven months I witnessed the atrocities that people can inflict on other people , and just a thousand kilometres from Brussels !
LANG_ENG Question 5: The recording level is too low .
LANG_ENG Luigi Blau , born in 1945 , has studied at the Academy of fine Arts in Vienna under E.A. Plischke (1966-73).
LANG_ENG Thanks to their impressive product characteristics , the DAMPF TRIX ® hoses have proven themselves to be constantly reliable and safe in demanding , continuous industrial and commercial use .
LANG_ENG In contrast to the periodically-actuated vibrations , the isolated system vibrates in the resonant frequency of the insulated machine and not according to its rotational speed .
LANG_ENG Welcome in this wonderful sea village in which the Hotel , with its neoclassical style , feels at ease . Hotel Falli is the ideal place to spend holidays , where the perfect housing and the magic landscape are melt together .
LANG_ENG This process is now being discussed with the ACP partner countries .
LANG_ENG Het personeel is ontzettend vriendelijk , vooral bij het ontbijt .
LANG_ENG This issue therefore needs to be resolved .
LANG_ENG What has survived from the past are just memories of the country &apos;s relatively good education and health care systems , and a comparatively advanced infrastructure .
LANG_ENG Many women pursue uninterrupted careers and refrain from having children out of choice - and that is their perfect right - but many others pursue careers because it is economically necessary for them .
LANG_ENG Unfortunately we can &apos;t register our motorcycles today , and so they recommend us the near by hotel .
LANG_ENG We see EUFOR as a significant contribution to these efforts and we are aware of the importance of good equipment .
LANG_ENG Welcome to Sensualmedics ® , the largest European centre for female genital surgery .
LANG_ENG Is Putin risking his political future by accepting a formally secondary role and making himself accountable for all socio-economic policy ?
LANG_ENG Choose the event of your choice .
LANG_ENG Let me suggest that what you want is to delay the final vote .
LANG_ENG Naturally , negotiations with Tripoli are still at an early stage and we need more time before we can reach an agreement .
LANG_ENG Baroness Ashton , it is important to open a European Union delegation in Tehran , not only so that we can have a political dialogue with the Iranian regime , but also with a view to civil society .
LANG_ENG A full-text plugin is associated with full-text indexes on a per-index basis . That is , when you install a parser plugin initially , that does not cause it to be used for any full-text operations .
LANG_ENG The development of customized solutions rounds off the offering .
LANG_ENG After its successful conclusion , he remained as an employee of the bank .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG Boasting amenities including 24-hour concierge services and a fitness center , Gild Hall - A Thomson Hotel , ensures an enjoyable stay in this vibrant city .
LANG_ENG The text and audio of this interview are also available in German .
LANG_ENG In the United Kingdom , there is already talk of Plan A + .
LANG_ENG We wanted the policy directions to be clear to all and that is why we have given the Cunha report a clear introduction .
LANG_ENG Indeed , there were interesting - and previously unheard of - statements and signals from Teheran that suggested an increased willingness to start negotiating about Iran " s nuclear program and regional security issues .
LANG_ENG Light inside leather and a comfortable Air Zoom technology sole , that results in a unique , one-piece appearance .
LANG_ENG You can check for that # by executing &quot; echo &apos; cat / var / { run , lock } / console.lock &apos; &quot; and # verifying the appropriate user is mentioned somewhere there .
LANG_ENG As immortalised by Victor Hugo &apos;s wisdom , it requires us to know how much of the future can be introduced into the present , as the secret of great government .
LANG_ENG I consider the dialogue between Parliament and the Commission to have been very constructive and feel that it should serve as a model for further possible and desirable collaboration , as in the case of the ACP countries .
LANG_ENG The vacuity of the abuse category will now infect the dependence category .
LANG_ENG Dorn &apos;s favorite episodes of TNG are &quot; The Drumhead &quot; and &quot; The Offspring &quot; .
LANG_ENG Everyone guilty of this attack should be given up to the forces of law and order in Belfast .
LANG_ENG The debate is closed .
LANG_ENG I have therefore abstained from voting .
LANG_ENG On a number of occasions , the European Parliament has asked the Commission to take its responsibility in this respect seriously .
LANG_ENG This issue may well be no less important for our voters than the major political debates .
LANG_ENG - (NL) As a member of the delegation for relations with Slovakia , I know the problems of that country in more detail than those of other accession countries .
LANG_ENG draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy . - Mr President , I should like to make three points .
LANG_ENG In order to find a suitable buyer our trained employees with their good negotiating skills work in line with customized and state-of-the-art methods .
LANG_ENG From 1771-1781 Mozart lived in Salzburg and worked there as a concertmaster . As his relationship with his employer the bishop was rather tough he decided to move to Vienna in 1781 .
LANG_ENG Hans Peter Ring was appointed Chief Financial Officer of EADS in 2002 and Chief Operating Officer for Finance in 2005 .
LANG_ENG We will ensure full briefing and also rapid transmission of information to the Members of the European Parliament and we hope that you can engage in a lot of outreaching activities during COP 10 .
LANG_ENG Once fully matured it will be of Championship standard .
LANG_ENG This helps to speed up the healing process and avoids the need for high follow-up costs .
LANG_ENG The real cause of poverty is not having enough cash .
LANG_ENG It creates more jobs and social stability , as well as projecting a greater EU voice on the global stage .
LANG_ENG Your yearly membership includes a subscription to the journal , Sufism: Science of the Soul , and significantly reduced fees for all association activities .
LANG_ENG Introducing the marriage issue distracts from the real priority , to which Liberals are absolutely committed , which is to give legal recognition to same-sex and unmarried partnerships: that really is a matter of fundamental rights .
LANG_ENG Professionails offers you an enormous range of high quality products and an excellent service !
LANG_ENG Our product selection also includes the most common standard profiles .
LANG_ENG Are accounting gimmicks being used to overstate the true value of foreign capital contributions ?
LANG_ENG Yesterday , I went to the Techno Parade taking place in Paris . It started from Bastille , continued past the Hôtel de Ville , République and back to Place de la Bastille .
LANG_ENG When does it believe that these useful numbers will become sufficiently widely known ?
LANG_ENG The apartments are only five minutes walking away from the Břenov cloister and fifteen minutes from the castle of Prague .
LANG_ENG ), in writing . (FR) This report on progress towards accession to the European Union is being presented in a very specific context .
LANG_ENG Consequently the annual German-Rainbow-Open have a solid base and if applicable any balance will be contributed towards a fund .
LANG_ENG Mine clearance is also supported as part of ECHO-funded humanitarian aid in many countries and as part of development activities when we are carrying out ECHO-financed reconstruction work or building roads , etc. in a number of countries .
LANG_ENG The Venetian pageant shows the political and administrative &apos; organization of the mercantile oligarchy , which held the fate of the state; and so the Doge , the Senators , the Ambassadors and the Capitano de Mar , the fleet commander , parade in the procession .
LANG_ENG More statistics can be found here .
LANG_ENG While the other tested download managers are all for Windows , WGET is available for Linux , MacOS and some other Operating Systems .
LANG_ENG In traditional economic models , increased liquidity results in more lending , mostly to investors and sometimes to consumers , thereby increasing demand and employment .
LANG_ENG Florence , Lake Garda , Tuscany , Amalfi Coast , Maremma Tuscany , Cinque Terre , Sardinia , Pisa , Venice , Sicily ...
LANG_ENG Las ganancias se destinarán a revitalizar el patrimonio natural de la zona de Huaros (Perú).
LANG_ENG Alternatively , travellers may decide to use one of the passes that surround the Val di Fassa .
LANG_ENG After examination of the content at the time they were first set up , links have been installed on the 2-B-Global website to other Internet sites .
LANG_ENG This is a must have for all 747 fans .
LANG_ENG With regard to the first of these , European citizens do not change jobs very frequently , although most Member States have experienced an upward trend since 1995 .
LANG_ENG Even from this point of view , rather than accepting the challenge of enlargement , Europe closes in .
LANG_ENG Russia understands the European Union inside out .
LANG_ENG Furthermore , it gives a great boost to the creation of the European legal area and the implementation of freedom of movement , and it also applies the ordinary legislative procedure involving codecision between the Council and Parliament for the first time .
LANG_ENG I noticed that I hardly did anything else , and hardly used the menu .
LANG_ENG  (1) The contractual relationships between 4TRONYX , and private consumers and professionals , which use 4TRONYX &apos;s internet-offers (in the following &apos; Customer &apos;) are subject to the following Terms and Conditions (in the following &apos; Ts &amp; Cs &apos;).
LANG_ENG The original planning solution made it possible to create a room , where there is one two-person bed and soft furniture , which was convenient for leisure and sleep .
LANG_ENG There will be a rental car in your booking .
LANG_ENG It would be more comfortable .
LANG_ENG Everything up here is idyllic , right down to the romantic alpine huts , where you can just while away the hours , enjoying the hearty Zillertal cuisine .
LANG_ENG With &quot; Larissa &quot; , the quilted down coat with cuddly fur fabric at the collar , winter days will be really cosy .
LANG_ENG Structural reforms , which have been of great help in strengthening our economies , must be pursued because they also help to maintain short-term demand , but we must now move on to the next stage and deploy the measures for combating the crisis more thoroughly .
LANG_ENG After you have turned off the ignition , you can heat or ventilate the vehicle &apos;s interior using the residual heat .
LANG_ENG We know that women are a determining factor in development: better-trained women mean a higher level of development for their societies .
LANG_ENG Just steps from Dam Square and a 10-minute walk to Amsterdam Central Station , Tulip Inn offers cosy rooms with large beds and free breakfast , next to Amsterdam &apos;s excellent shopping district .
LANG_ENG Maps: This is an important step to remember !
LANG_ENG Modern Bauhaus Design-Classics furniture from Bauhaus Designers .
LANG_ENG Here we see some serious structural weaknesses .
LANG_ENG I fully accept , as does my Group , that the major goal for this budget as set out by Mr Mulder is enlargement .
LANG_ENG I feel I have lost my femininity and I think about myself only like a shapeless blob .
LANG_ENG The location was excellent for the main sights to see in Barcelona .
LANG_ENG The state-of-the-art multi-protocol feature set qualifies the SCL3711 to be used in a wide range of applications , e.g. payment , loyalty and ID schemes , or to enable devices with NFC connectivity .
LANG_ENG It augurs very well for the future of what we should hope to achieve through this process , because Parliament has been very responsible in its approach to using codecision .
LANG_ENG The simplification of EU fund allocation procedures and active sharing of expertise by the Member States at the early stages of programming would be an additional incentive .
LANG_ENG The key problem we will be facing in respect of paper evidence will be fraud .
LANG_ENG Mandatory biometric risk cover will cost each citizen , at a conservative estimate , around 1-3% of annual returns per year .
LANG_ENG Photokina 2008 show report: Every two years the world &apos;s largest digital imaging event , the Photokina show , is held in Cologne , Germany .
LANG_ENG WiMAX consists of high-speed radio technology for high-speed broadband transfers for use mainly in regions where no conventional broadband supply is possible .
LANG_ENG We are extremly proud of daddy CIB Furyo Noroy du Plessy , who managed to win ResCC at Cruft ' s , march 2010 .
LANG_ENG For this reason , we , the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece , are voting against the report .
LANG_ENG That concludes Question Time .
LANG_ENG In other words , only standard tools present on every Unix system like &apos; ar &apos; and &apos; tar &apos; are required to unpack a Debian binary package and examine the contents .
LANG_ENG De Beer Refinish wants to make it as easy as possible for it &apos;s clients to work with the De Beer Refinish products .
LANG_ENG I want it to be clear that this objective of building a ring of friends does not imply any commitment or any exclusion as regards enlargement: none of these countries has the right to membership and none of them is excluded .
LANG_ENG Surroundings you can relax in , wonderful food , friendly service and excellent hospitality are our contribution to make your holiday a success .
LANG_ENG That completes the first part of my answer .
LANG_ENG All older children or adults are charged MYR 115.00 per night and person for extra beds .
LANG_ENG In other words , rows that have the same value for a primary key or unique index as an existing row .
LANG_ENG The Tibetan Government declined the offer and reasserted Tibetan independence .
LANG_ENG ) The capsules are the small light brown balls .
LANG_ENG The so-called freedom under exploitive capitalism - perhaps even in conjunction with the political system - has ultimately impoverished very many people .
LANG_ENG It was from here that Henry the Navigator Caravels departed on their voyages of discovery .
LANG_ENG Landhaus Eric , Glücksburger Stasse 177 (The hotel is situated about 2 km northeast of the city centre .
LANG_ENG Although A.J. enjoyed travelling and working in the whole world decided to come back to LA to her true love acting .
LANG_ENG Do you have questions or comments ? You can tell us what you think about Vector &apos;s services on our feedback form pages .
LANG_ENG Jen , Raphi and Chriz , I simply love you !
LANG_ENG The lounge in the basement offers free internet access with WIFI and is a pleasant place to chat with other guests !
LANG_ENG 25 Wherefore , if they a know not the b name by which they are called , they cannot have place in the c kingdom of my Father .
LANG_ENG This is because often , the political will to cooperate exists , but the conditions are not right from the economic point of view or from some other point of view , in order to achieve this very will for strengthened cooperation .
LANG_ENG Would this not therefore be the time to say why the real budget for 2001 is , by a considerable percentage , less than that approved in the Berlin Financial Perspective for this year ?
LANG_ENG The Jansens and Dieperink bulk container is a new concept for dry-bulk transport in containers .
LANG_ENG First of all , I would like to express my thanks for your support for the Modernised Customs Code and for your interest in future developments .
LANG_ENG I have the impression that we have forgotten something . I mean , we should remember that for thousands of years humanity managed without chemical additives .
LANG_ENG Polarized lenses block Dogus horizontal waves and eliminate reflections without affecting the information that is useful to the eye .
LANG_ENG Let us assume that , in 2005 , European tariffs on textiles will be the lowest , and that barriers to trade , whether these be in the form of tariffs or not , will be being removed .
LANG_ENG Previous judgments give us very clear precedents .
LANG_ENG On restriction of hazardous substances the amendments acceptable in full to the Commission are Amendments Nos 3 , 4 , 10 and 17 .
LANG_ENG This proposal is of crucial importance; it establishes indicators to measure progress on risk reduction .
LANG_ENG By this , I mean that some MEPs , myself included at times , take advantage of this possibility , but this is a real procedural motion .
LANG_ENG We need to be ahead of the curve , not behind the curve , so as soon as possible it shall be !
LANG_ENG I suggest the Council should make use of this chance and make good its earlier omissions .
LANG_ENG The head chef , Till Weiß , offers premium German and international specialities , prepared with fine regional products .
LANG_ENG Small with dimensions &quot; the jazzy &quot; To commutate Train Experiment is well brought and mixes it styles airs this album . Camel Ride Slumber remains my preferred bus very melancholic person .
LANG_ENG 4) A new variant is represented by ribbed beaker (IV.4.2.
LANG_ENG Finally , to avoid the most fragile regions being the main casualties of the restructuring of Community production , it is essential that the Member States should still have the final say over whether production ceases or continues on their territory .
LANG_ENG One cause for the delay could be a schism within the ruling elite , a group that " Dear Leader " Kim Jong-il himself cannot control as effectively as before .
LANG_ENG The technology was taken even further with the introduction of the Venturi ™ Combo .
LANG_ENG Booking.com: Hotels near Club de Golf Costa Teguise , Spain .
LANG_ENG In all events , Buyer shall refund to Seller the dunning charges and collection costs which constitute a further damage caused by the delayed performance .
LANG_ENG The user is liable for offence and abuse by unauthorized third parties .
LANG_ENG Includes the 2004 Top Public Rose Garden in the United States .
LANG_ENG This might enable us to be a little more forward-thinking and to finally go the right way about drawing up an EU budget , rather than only going by the lowest common denominator out of the 15 - soon to be 25 - Member States .
LANG_ENG Sitting on huge tubes you slide down Mount Waldemar , and that quite fast !
LANG_ENG Parents are to teach the gospel to their children , D &amp; C 68: 25 .
LANG_ENG Test laboratory activities include advisory and consulting services and the technical law making .
LANG_ENG The social partners are asked not to bother themselves with economic policy , but only with social policy .
LANG_ENG Therefore I wish to ask Mr Lobo Antunes very directly indeed: what are you waiting for to demand that the European governments and the US Government put an end to this practice that we have condemned on so many occasions ?
LANG_ENG Come alone or bring friends to enjoy this unique house and the rich culture and geography of the French Pyrenees .
LANG_ENG 9 In their hearts is a disease; and Allah has increased their disease: And grievous is the penalty they (incur), because they are false (to themselves).
LANG_ENG But I " m not sure whether this now works in all cases , because I was never able to reproduce the problem in the first place .
LANG_ENG Get the Games Arcade with over 300 games , including Wrap Attack It Automatically updates every week !
LANG_ENG I would appeal for specific steps to be taken as soon as possible with a view to stopping these practices .
LANG_ENG Depending on the course of action the player takes , either Kirk convinces Trelane that &#91; &#91; war &#93; &#93; is nothing that should be emulated , or Trelane &apos;s babysitter will arrive and spirit him away .
LANG_ENG Information regarding users surfing the web may not only be gathered analyzing the Referer but examing the individual User Agent header as well .
LANG_ENG Villa Aia derived from an ancient barn restructured with care , it &apos;s the ideal place to spend an unforgettable holiday in Tuscany , San Gimignano .
LANG_ENG A few months ago the Member States agreed to introduce an open method of coordination although many people did not expect them to do so .
LANG_ENG But this requires acknowledging what the crisis has revealed: the eurozone " s institutional flaws .
LANG_ENG Likewise , prior permission should be sought for on-line access to data bases .
LANG_ENG In the 1990s , Nauru briefly became a tax haven and money laundering center .
LANG_ENG At a time when needs are growing and budgets are constrained , this is critical .
LANG_ENG We must ensure that international conventions are correctly applied , as well as cooperation agreements with third countries .
LANG_ENG Secondly , we have already experienced a situation in which many MEPs , who are still with us , told this House that barring Turkey from the customs union would inevitably drive it into the arms of the Islamic fundamentalists !
LANG_ENG This is a concrete example of how the EU affects our day-to-day lives .
LANG_ENG Grüezi and a hearty welcome to the Lake Zürich region .
LANG_ENG The puppeteers , who perform in full view of the audience , wear black robes and the lower-ranking left arm and foot puppeteers wear black hood over their heads . The main puppeteer , however , usually performs unhooded in most Bunraku traditions .
LANG_ENG Without any reservation whatsoever , I commend this agreement to the Chamber .
LANG_ENG We give them the platform to work together to exchange good practices and to learn from each other .
LANG_ENG This is yet another example of the absurd results which the common agricultural policy leads to .
LANG_ENG Hydraulic plate compactors together with hydraulic breakers complete the yard equipment for road works .
LANG_ENG And I hope that the movement captures the imagination of progressives , who are equally disgusted with the corruption of the status quo , and who can agree on many thematic goals , even if their policy proposals might be different .
LANG_ENG  (since you are superuser it will not ask for the previous password).
LANG_ENG However there was a general feeling that more information , clarification and consultation on the content of any such framework directive was needed .
LANG_ENG We need to keep up the momentum of the process .
LANG_ENG The laboratory of the Museum of Art and Science is a nonprofit facility and is independent from every point of view .
LANG_ENG It is my great pleasure to welcome Mr Henderson , who will present the statement on behalf of the Council .
LANG_ENG Muller Martini has come up with a new technical solution for variable size printing which opens up offset quality for other applications .
LANG_ENG I would cover the same ground as the Commissioner but would put the issues into four groups rather than three .
LANG_ENG Because their legitimacy does not rest upon the support of their people , these non-democratic regimes consider the risk of opening themselves greater than the cost of maintaining the status quo .
LANG_ENG In return:
LANG_ENG It clarifies that , as elected representatives of the people , we may rightly claim a special status and that , in the event of doubt , protecting our independence takes precedence .
LANG_ENG B5 ­ 0717 / 2000 by Mr Posselt and Mr Oostlander , on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos;s Party (Christian Democrats) and the European Democrats , on the sinking of the Kursk submarine;
LANG_ENG Moreover , immediate plausibility checking of all inputs ensures high operating reliability and convenience .
LANG_ENG Once you visit this place you &apos;ll dream about the next meeting with this pearl of nature the sea that is hidden in Volyn region .
LANG_ENG Consequently , the new Digital Agenda for Europe should be supported by a series of coordinated actions and initiatives , such as more generous EU funding to safeguard better access to the Internet , even for pupils at a geographical disadvantage .
LANG_ENG I would have liked to see majority voting in foreign policy - but this is something which I hope we can still discuss during the negotiations on Part III .
LANG_ENG It must be used well .
LANG_ENG 22 rooms with bath and air conditioner fitted out generously . Of this 1 suite for up to two persons with whirlpool bath , Frigobar and TV .
LANG_ENG Furthermore , an era starting with the Exodus of the Children of Israel (ab Exodo) was in use , beginning in 1552 BCE .
LANG_ENG " Qtr ? " It is also one of the words used incorrectly ask QTR is a definite time .
LANG_ENG Of various typologies , starting from then with 1 room till the ones wit 3 rooms .
LANG_ENG Radiation levels in all Member States are normal and appropriate controls are in place regarding foodstuffs imported from Japan .
LANG_ENG The 400 MHz Freescale i.MX27 ARM926 CPU offers enough power for sophisticated applications . NESO will be shipped either with Windows Embedded CE or Linux .
LANG_ENG A way must be left open for science , scientists and the scientific community to experiment in innovative fields that have enormous potential for medicine .
LANG_ENG We released our first quarter results for fiscal 2007 on 25 , January , 2007 .
LANG_ENG Titmuss was due to have been the subject of a theatre production in a musical satire entitled Being Abi , performed by students in her home county of Lincolnshire .
LANG_ENG With easy access to the Madrid Barajas airport and a 5 minute commute to the IFEMA conference halls , this area is well-suited for visitors on corporate business to the city .
LANG_ENG CR Buses.com specializes in new and used buses for sale , bus conversions and deals in Metrotrans , Champion , Diamond and more .
LANG_ENG  (Remarkably , the Obama administration claims that veterans " right to appeal to the courts should be restricted !) 
LANG_ENG I think it is right to recognise that we have made important progress on the structure .
LANG_ENG A dangerous precedent is being set here .
LANG_ENG Finally , I would like to point out that common environmental goals should not be used as a means to introduce a common tax policy .
LANG_ENG We agreed an action plan with the Greek authorities; the final deadline for the implementation of the actions under the plan was the end of September 2004 .
LANG_ENG Staying in an apartment in Dubrovnik , during your holidays in Croatia is one of the best options ...
LANG_ENG Note how this becomes _ la in the lines that refer to it .
LANG_ENG At the same time , I presume that the European Patent Office as an authority , and its representatives personally , are drawing the necessary conclusions from what has happened .
LANG_ENG We should not confuse two completely different debates .
LANG_ENG This would set a precedent for starting a debate on the integration of self-employed persons in other sectors , thereby limiting their ability to work as long as they like .
LANG_ENG First of all we should select the sailing ship .
LANG_ENG In the modern era , they have twice been overrun in brutal wars serving oil interests .
LANG_ENG Only standardised pellets may be used in pellet stoves .
LANG_ENG If cancelled or modified up to 90 days before date of arrival , no fee will be charged .
LANG_ENG In the future , an increasing number of natural fibres will be used for the production of finished products with optimised properties .
LANG_ENG The Consequences of Korean Extremism
LANG_ENG Experience special Salzburg ambience in the spacious and comfortable rooms and suites , and be inspired by the beautiful pictures showing Salzburg from different angles .
LANG_ENG Entirely renovated , stoneworks building , it will make of your visit a journey of pleasure .
LANG_ENG The cases in Dover and on our own Andalusian coast are clear examples of this .
LANG_ENG Fish , lobster and game specialities offer a special dining experience .
LANG_ENG Air pre-cleaners to extend air filter life by reducing the amount of dust and / or debris that enters the air intake system .
LANG_ENG weatronic congratulates his JET-WM pilots Thomas Gleissner , Thomas Höchsmann and Jean-Pierre Zardini to their placements in this years Jet World Masters in Israel .
LANG_ENG As a result , the nutrition of more than one million children will be improved during their first 1,000 days of life .
LANG_ENG permitted for carriage , except as freight or checked baggage .
LANG_ENG To go to the download area , just click on the type of Image you want to download on your right .
LANG_ENG This protection element has the effect of absorbing or softening the induced voltage surges through the ground towards the earth contact of the protected building .
LANG_ENG I am of course well aware that there are limits - not least where COREPER is concerned - to what can be done in the open , and of the possibility of negotiations being hampered by being conducted in the public eye .
LANG_ENG That is not yet the case .
LANG_ENG In the corporate landscape , there is the old , say , Coca Cola , but also alongside it the new , say , Microsoft or Amazon .
LANG_ENG It takes just a few minutes to reach the famous KaDeWe centre , the zoo , the memorial church (&quot; Gedächtniskirche &quot;) and the shopping boulevard &quot; Kurfürstendamm &quot; .
LANG_ENG I accidentally sold my &quot; Staff of Jordan &quot; to the Alchemical Supplies Vendor in Darnassus at 3 PM GMT .
LANG_ENG This can certainly be advantageous in the partial-load range .
LANG_ENG I also have respect for the expert way in which the rapporteur has mastered the technical ins and outs of the dossier .
LANG_ENG Adjust the GFP beneath the strings on the fretboard .
LANG_ENG When would you like to stay at the Hotel Innsbruck ?
LANG_ENG I asked all of them the same question: When will we have a binding framework for cross-border resolution ?
LANG_ENG Madam President , the promotion of a sustainable workforce for health across Europe is crucial in continuing our improvement in healthcare services and facilities across the 27 Member States .
LANG_ENG New features will also be presented in these sessions .
LANG_ENG Without your and the Commission &apos; s efforts , such progress would never have been made on this issue and consumers would never have received help .
LANG_ENG The aim of our requests for a separate vote is to rule out such a possibility .
LANG_ENG Nor do I wish to see Europol given new powers .
LANG_ENG They weren &apos;t told the truth . We &apos;re communicators , and it &apos;s up to us to start doing it now .
LANG_ENG Meanwhile , however , many Member States have been protecting their monopolies for many years , and so they have had the money to penetrate the markets in those Member States which opened up their markets on time .
LANG_ENG Adi Dassler starts up production again , with 47 workers .
LANG_ENG Therefore we are using our subsidized potatoes to oust their own potatoes from their own market !
LANG_ENG 3 And from that time forth , the sons and a daughters of Adam began to divide two and two in the land , and to till the land , and to tend flocks , and they also begat sons and daughters .
LANG_ENG Some of these relate to the thorny issue of the definition of cohesion policy and to the system of regionally targeted state aid , to which he referred in his speech .
LANG_ENG I also wish to compliment the Council on working with us in informal trialogue towards an agreement at first reading .
LANG_ENG Therefore , I was very happy that at the Commission meeting last week it was possible to get through a communication on bioethanol .
LANG_ENG To address such problems , arrangements that enable a minority of shareholders to veto related party transactions - arrangements which are not warranted in widely held firms - could well be valuable .
LANG_ENG This machine type is characterized by its robust construction , good accessibility and low maintenance requirement .
LANG_ENG Taiga is a very good yielder for such a small plant .
LANG_ENG Let me add that , with regard to the proposal in the Saïfi report that there should be a human rights assessment of free trade agreements (FTAs), I believe this should happen throughout the negotiations .
LANG_ENG Conny Wilczynski , wing of the national team and the Foxes Berlin , talks with Laola1.TV about goals for the EURO 2010 , his career-start and Coach Dagur Sigurdsson .
LANG_ENG The EU needs to exert united and cohesive pressure on the United States , which it has never done before .
LANG_ENG More than 400 users were testing the service with various Jabber compatible IM services for eight months .
LANG_ENG MP3 Rocket is a powerful tool to download video and music files plus any other kind of file you want .
LANG_ENG A dedicated imprint page summarizes company address , VAT number , DUNS number , commcercial register no . , info about the management and a link for the terms of trade .
LANG_ENG In adopting a position on the taxation of energy-intensive industries , we have decided to strike a balance between these approaches .
LANG_ENG In this connection we are simulating frequent project meetings and update the status into the plan , identify critical changes and find solutions .
LANG_ENG The use of innovative radio technologies such as RFID supports companies in the supervision and simplification of their flow of goods .
LANG_ENG This declaration is valid for all links set inside this website as well as for entries made by outsiders in , from the owner of the media or the implementer installed guestbooks , discussion forums , notice sides or mailing lists .
LANG_ENG The next item is the Council Statement on the programme of the Luxembourg Presidency .
LANG_ENG This is the new version of Vol . 2 with new different tracks than the first version .
LANG_ENG The wave " s height reached 15 meters , towering above even the highest pole-vault bars .
LANG_ENG We take a preventive approach in creating the framework conditions for a safe and healthy working environment .
LANG_ENG The Rules are very clear .
LANG_ENG We also need specific targets so that we can measure the commitment of each Member State to gender equality , and make improvements thereto .
LANG_ENG The courses begin in late October , after the end of the tourist season , and finish in mid April , just before it begins .
LANG_ENG The first principle in particular , that of listening , shows that we are prepared , and have the will , to continue with further democratisation .
LANG_ENG According to the scientists of the IPCC (International Panel on Climate Change) the average temperature of the Earth &apos;s surface will be 1 to 3.5 degrees Celsius warmer in 2100 than in 1990 , if the present trends continue .
LANG_ENG It has nothing to do with your (or someone else &apos;s) hardware sound device , so don &apos;t worry .
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Hotel Gloria Palac .
LANG_ENG They are situated 300 mts from the beach and 50 mts from the prehistoric caves .
LANG_ENG responsible of the data processing , must provide specific information to the persons sending messages in relation to the purposes and methods of the data processing .
LANG_ENG It was also very useful for me to see how we can take this work further .
LANG_ENG I understand the reasons that you have given .
LANG_ENG Certainly the British people , and the people of many other countries , do not wish to subsume their nationhood into some state called Europe .
LANG_ENG If a developing country &apos;s trade deficit is offset by assistance through a grant of the new global money , its overall financial position will be secure .
LANG_ENG It also has a symbolic significance , as the ...
LANG_ENG Its the second eldest of the backpacker hostels Dresden .
LANG_ENG According to the story about Joseph he understands the leaving of Heimat as a positive process that results in a more of freedom , the freedom to accept all what &apos;s different .
LANG_ENG No more singles were lifted from the &quot; Forever and Ever &quot; album and Tina and Dune parted ways soon after .
LANG_ENG The bar code unites the EU Member States in a single symbol .
LANG_ENG This means that we must confront squarely the current situation whereby in the European Union there is a serious lack of balance between the strong legal and financial instruments available for economic policy and those dealing with poverty , inequality , unemployment and the labour market .
LANG_ENG I would like to mention two things ahead of the European Council summit .
LANG_ENG This is a triumph for the rule of law in Pakistan , and above all a triumph for the brave Pakistani lawyers who took to the streets to protest Musharraf " s imposition of a state of emergency last autumn .
LANG_ENG I hear again and again from the trade unions that , in the area of wage settlement , the autonomy of the Member States and their social partners is being harmed and that we are possibly heading for a flagrant violation of the regulation of competencies under the Treaty .
LANG_ENG You have tidiness work structured and independent .
LANG_ENG This approach needs to be overall validated .
LANG_ENG  (PL) Mr President , I will begin by congratulating both rapporteurs .
LANG_ENG And Wang did not defend China " s honor by revealing Bo " s and Gu " s criminality , but aired his stories to hostile foreign forces .
LANG_ENG The operational dimension , the institutional dimension , and equally importantly , the dimension relating to all the issues of concern to public opinion , both national and European .
LANG_ENG If we look at the labour market , the problem cannot be solved through immigration .
LANG_ENG It may result in a corruption of that file and break network connectivity .
LANG_ENG I can tell you that the field of research and calls for proposals under the framework programme offer potential for interesting projects and I think that also applies in other sectors .
LANG_ENG This may be avoided through regular involvement in sport .
LANG_ENG The EU is the world " s largest donor of aid .
LANG_ENG Create , administrate , edit and design your templates and modules centrally in the browser-based AQDB Template Management .
LANG_ENG Equipped with a double bed and two single beds , a kitchenette , a bathroom and a large balcony , they are certainly the ideal choice for a comfortable and pleasant stay .
LANG_ENG The Art Gallery was a fine example of educational and scientific generosity . It was in 1845 that the Société des Arts et Sciences gave Carcassonne Town Council a set of 102 paintings for its museum .
LANG_ENG While Mussolini formally declared fascism to be anti-democratic , Putin does not openly reject democracy , or explicitly advocate a one-party state .
LANG_ENG Such adaptation seems very important to me for workers &apos; health and safety .
LANG_ENG But the current options that many governments wish to embrace will not do the job .
LANG_ENG I believe it is .
LANG_ENG iPod adapter (in North America to rival Apple &apos;s super-SONY made yet) and manufacturers but also by all the mobile headsets , Bluetooth to play through this exquisite standard of work is impressive even remember .
LANG_ENG Many students of child development , like Maria Montessori , have noted the need a young child has for the presence of his or her mother , or mother substitute .
LANG_ENG I have voted against the Tsatsos report because in my opinion the role of the parties lies above all in bringing people together at national level to bring influence to bear within society , the most important forum being national parliaments .
LANG_ENG It should be a lesson for us that , when we lay down legislation here in the EU , it is important for it to benefit both businesses and consumers at the same time .
LANG_ENG All children from 2 to 7 years are charged 30% of the room stay per night and person for extra beds .
LANG_ENG The European Parliament wants to promote activity-based management and budgeting .
LANG_ENG The branch in Warsaw delivers as well a full service of displacement of possessions of private and institutional clients in the country and abroad .
LANG_ENG Like after every Perl upgrade you have to run perl-cleaner to rebuild all Perl modules and packages linked against the old libperl .
LANG_ENG I noticed a program that UpdateStar does not offer the newest version for a program .
LANG_ENG 28 And they shall hear of wars , and rumors of wars .
LANG_ENG Mr President , despite the tragic events of 11 September , the tourism industry is alive and well .
LANG_ENG Commend is not responsible for the content of linked websites .
LANG_ENG But the UN is not likely to reform itself from within .
LANG_ENG Italy , France , Belgium , Spain , Germany , Austria , Luxembourg and Finland have already ratified the Rome Statute .
LANG_ENG During the Second World War Split was heavily bombed , particularly the coastal part southeast of the Palace of Diocletian (today &apos;s park).
LANG_ENG Book the best youth hostels in Nottingham with Hostelsclub .
LANG_ENG In 2008 , billions of euro were paid out in contravention of the rules .
LANG_ENG He is responsible for day-to-day agent management and training new employees to use the call center systems .
LANG_ENG The important message of Solidarność &apos;s victory remains how to find both strength and balance in the passionate quest for justice and the eternal spiritual values of Europe .
LANG_ENG Melt the butter over low heat , whisk eggs with sugar , add the sifted baking powder , melted butter and flour , mix well .
LANG_ENG Is there already a timetable for this and do we already have any ideas of what we will do ?
LANG_ENG Real estate Beaucaire (30300) vente Maison 4 pieces Maison / Villa - by STOP IMMO BEAUCAIRE , Villa individuelle T4 , cuisine equipee ouverte sur un sejour spacieux et lumineux , sur un terrain cloture d &apos;environ 650m ² .
LANG_ENG - The " involvement of ... non-citizens in elections " , that is to say foreigners " right to vote , destroys the very principle of nationality .
LANG_ENG We adjust the size an reserve the right to make any necessary changes related to the printing proces .
LANG_ENG We have , as you know , encapsulated this approach in the concept of a &apos; European model of agriculture &apos; .
LANG_ENG At Bali the EU must do all it can to achieve a negotiating mandate to allow global warming to remain under two degrees .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I should first like to congratulate Mrs Fraga Estévez on her report and her will to achieve a balanced compromise - even if it is not the compromise that many of us would have perhaps desired .
LANG_ENG June 24 , 2009 - Situated in the heart of Vienna , post-production studio Blautöne has made a mark on Austria " s TV and advertising landscape .
LANG_ENG At its summit in Seoul in November , the G-20 firmly placed development at the core of its agenda .
LANG_ENG The exhibitors showed a comprehensive overview of the market: Security Russia focused on the field of civil security while Interpolitex concentrated on technologies and equipment for state security .
LANG_ENG The traveller can find information and buy tickets from any of the numerous airlines which operate here .
LANG_ENG The Commission has announced that later this year it will present a study examining ways of furthering Kosovo &apos;s political and socio-economic development .
LANG_ENG Nostradamus news or report that can give me the meeting of breeders: Pure Excellence Paso Fino ?
LANG_ENG The composition of the Roman concrete used in the dome remains a mystery .
LANG_ENG author . - (FR) Madam President , President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , both your institutions have worked very hard in the field of economic governance and , today , the European Parliament is debating the six Commission proposals on economic governance .
LANG_ENG How , then , does an economist account for Malaysia " s success ?
LANG_ENG The case for this is strengthened by the fact that seven EU Member States have in fact made this move .
LANG_ENG Pisak is a little fishing place on the seaside with a few caffe bars and resaturants , where you can get meat and fish on the girl .
LANG_ENG The decisive political maneuver - building a coalition with allies of Communists - was carried out by Lech Wałęsa .
LANG_ENG We will only be able to talk of 30% when an international agreement on this figure is concluded .
LANG_ENG 1 . In the Financial Perspective 2007-2013 , the European Agriculture Fund for Rural Development was made the second pillar of the CAP and was thereby separated from cohesion policy .
LANG_ENG Since forming the company , we have developed our client base , our team and our range of services .
LANG_ENG Landgoed Rijckholt is located in the centre of Zeeland , within 5 minutes of a lake (Veerse Meer) and 10 minutes by car to the beach (North Sea).
LANG_ENG But at the end of the day it is the summit itself which must decide when to start negotiations .
LANG_ENG Fifthly: support for social institutions .
LANG_ENG * As a rule of convenience , it requires the use of long trousers in the evening meals .
LANG_ENG Actually all advertising is free , just place your ad at a relevant rubric .
LANG_ENG We are all unfortunately aware of the results of this three-year delay .
LANG_ENG Upon accession , our situation was deemed acceptable , although it was stressed that work still needed to be done to whiten our economy and rid our public administration of corruption .
LANG_ENG I would remind you that it was about two and a half years ago that the Commission kicked off a new initiative , having come to the conclusion , following the Kok report , that the Lisbon Strategy needed to be got back on its feet again .
LANG_ENG All that remains for me to do , therefore , is once again to call on Parliament to accept this important protocol so that trade standards may be amended in such a way as better to serve the interests of millions of human beings in the developing countries .
LANG_ENG After the de-Baathification order was issued (by a commission that does not actually have any sitting members) a panel of the Iraqi Court of Appeal essentially invalidated it .
LANG_ENG Our demanding customers can rely on the consulting and support services of ACE &apos;s experienced staff of highly-skilled specialists providing customised solutions to individual requirements .
LANG_ENG We offer you a very durable and exclusive way of imprinting textiles .
LANG_ENG A visit to the Kyburger town of Aarau is well worthwhile .
LANG_ENG As for the Middle East , I am not exactly in agreement with you .
LANG_ENG It would be easy to put things in black and white and state that I cannot approve of these promotions .
LANG_ENG I would therefore like to appeal to the Commission to take competitiveness principles into account , to a greater extent than before , when implementing the necessary reforms in the sugar industry , and to pay much more attention to the development of the biofuels sector .
LANG_ENG We also can reduce very high concentrations of nitrogen !
LANG_ENG That is something that will have to change .
LANG_ENG THE WORK IS PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND / OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW .
LANG_ENG At the same time the European Union attaches great importance to the promotion and respect of human rights in Tunisia .
LANG_ENG This undertaking , as for the Lisbon plans , must be fulfilled , and politicians must not go astray when they lay down tasks designed to achieve this target .
LANG_ENG These are things that we will need to take into account in future .
LANG_ENG You can also spend time exploring the unique local landscape of southern Lanzarote .
LANG_ENG A picture entered in the wrong category will not be reclassified and the judges reserve the right to disqualify it .
LANG_ENG The hosts Andrea Sulzbacher and Gottfried Sulzbacher are looking forward to welcoming you in their inn .
LANG_ENG That danger was foreseeable; failing to avoid it a costly mistake .
LANG_ENG The situation is more than serious .
LANG_ENG We are very pleased that employment has got its own chapter in the Treaty .
LANG_ENG If you wish to receive further information or leave your comments on our company , products or website , fill in the form below .
LANG_ENG The two aviation managers agreed: &quot; Air traffic is a growth industry - and Munich airport is a flagship airport connecting Europe " s largest economy with the world . &quot; Consequently Lufthansa develops Munich airport as its second hub besides Frankfurt .
LANG_ENG Second , Obama did not seriously seek to resolve existing US-China economic disagreements , particularly over trade .
LANG_ENG Deutsche Bank " s financial products are developed to meet the needs of our private and corporate clients .
LANG_ENG Enjoy the close proximity to the excellent transport network and explore the sights in the vicinity .
LANG_ENG It is legitimate to criticize individual policymakers who exercised poor judgment , and they should have a mark on their record .
LANG_ENG Is my credit card and personal information safe ?
LANG_ENG Turning to the second question , I can assure the honourable Members that the Commission is aware that the control of AMR requires a multi-disciplinary approach .
LANG_ENG With its energy efficient technology , AQUASTAT purifies 3.78 litres (1 gallon) of water in just 4.25 hours .
LANG_ENG KLINKAU may terminate , change , suspend or discontinue any aspect of the KLINKAU Site , including the availability of any features of the Site , at any time .
LANG_ENG With a continuous focus on the development of Specialty Conveyors with high added value , AmbaFlex leads within the niche markets served .
LANG_ENG We offer you something special: Chose from the following suggestions and learn more about yourself and us .
LANG_ENG No wind , and sunbathe and enjoy , and try to sail with a small gennaker .
LANG_ENG There are many more homes than there are policemen , not to mention the number of thieves experienced , so it is important that you do everything you can to make your home safer , rather than rely solely on others .
LANG_ENG The most noticeable difference is translators , user space programs which interact with the VFS .
LANG_ENG How do I maintain my health and prevent a burnout ?
LANG_ENG Geoffrey of Monmouth said that Merlin directed its removal from Ireland , where it had been constructed on Mount Killaraus by Giantss who brought the stones from Africa .
LANG_ENG 1 vote &#124; 128 views &#124; 0 com .
LANG_ENG We currently offer all the services related to the car business .
LANG_ENG Facts and figures: Perhaps the most famous cinder cone , Paricutin , grew out of a corn field in Mexico in 1943 from a new vent .
LANG_ENG I believe that questioning the integrity of elections and referendums before voting has taken place is also incompatible with the spirit of democracy .
LANG_ENG The company designs , engineers , tests and manufactures thermal management products , components and systems in the area of heat transfer and storage technology for use in various OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturers) applications and to a wide range of global markets .
LANG_ENG To talk from now on about supporting bilateral negotiations would run counter to the principles that we have been upholding for months and would be a very bad sign for the multilateral structure that we earnestly desire .
LANG_ENG It " s also perfectly possibly to simply have a chat and a drink , and get to know other people with the same interests: games , scifi and fantasy .
LANG_ENG  (PL) Mr President , the economic and financial functioning of the EU creates real stability for growth .
LANG_ENG I am therefore happy to endorse what my fellow Members have said in praising the Presidency of the European Council .
LANG_ENG Is it not possible that , theoretically , an industry with a particular type of toxic discharge could choose to locate itself in an area that had naturally polluted but natural groundwater ?
LANG_ENG Anything else is quite unacceptable to us , such as if the identification were merely to be included in the small print of the contents list .
LANG_ENG Entonces tiene lugar la primera ronda de apuestas , que empieza con el jugador que tiene la carta expuesta más baja .
LANG_ENG Therefore , as has already been said this morning , we need to help organise producers so that they can make their presence felt in their dealings with their customers and , in particular , in their dealings with the large-scale distribution sector .
LANG_ENG Read more &gt; &gt; National websites CliniSys and MIPS - the two component companies of the CliniSys Group - operate directly from development , support and business operations centres strategically located throughout Europe .
LANG_ENG The Hanse 630 is the reserve of yachtsmen who only want the best of the best .
LANG_ENG Following the recognition of East Timor " s independence , it was clear that the situation was not about to take a turn for the better .
LANG_ENG What has it actually done - and this issue has been on the agenda for some time - to ensure that responsibilities are assumed in relation to the environment ?
LANG_ENG It seems as if the Members involved are engaged in appeasing particular interests , such as agriculture and tourism .
LANG_ENG One of the things I miss most since leaving the student life are travel by Metro .
LANG_ENG Of course I am aware that there are many corrupt governments in Africa and indeed elsewhere .
LANG_ENG It fixes a bug when opening DVDs and adds command execution to the effect control feature for 4D / 5D cinemas .
LANG_ENG Organizes , together with Chacarita Juniors football club , an Intra college Football Championship among poor children &apos;s schools .
LANG_ENG It can increase productivity , reduce costs and improve customer relationships .
LANG_ENG At bottom , the problem is one of legitimacy .
LANG_ENG A so called plot costs $ 5.00 (the founders receive a discount).
LANG_ENG The war in Chechnya proves , if proof were necessary , that the duty or the right to intervene stops at the borders of the great powers .
LANG_ENG Mr Lenarčič , there is no trust today in this area .
LANG_ENG As has already been said today , the headlines of: &apos; billion ecu fraud and waste &apos; - unfounded as they were - show the difficulty of a broader public to comprehend this instrument .
LANG_ENG This should allow a clear signal to be given by both the European Parliament and the Council that we see animal welfare as a priority matter .
LANG_ENG I am delighted with your reference to the establishment of a high-level group .
LANG_ENG I agree with you that we need to be more active on the ground to do more and I absolutely agree that we need to revisit the neighbourhood policy .
LANG_ENG It was on this day that the shoemaker Heinrich Ad .
LANG_ENG Genetic counselling , likewise , should not be dominated by a political goal .
LANG_ENG You may not use this work to advertise for or promote anything but the work you create from it .
LANG_ENG The European Food Authority must be a beacon of objectivity , and it must join forces with national authorities , that is obvious .
LANG_ENG France has sent troops to join those of the US .
LANG_ENG Some of these files contain complex diagrams , schedules or other graphical information that cannot easily be made accessible .
LANG_ENG Also , you will be aware of when an unauthorized access is attempted against your mailer daemon , if you set up proper logging for any of the methods above .
LANG_ENG The focus of the ART BOOK HAMBURG is the printed publication as an autonomous form of artistic expression .
LANG_ENG That is how terrorist organisations think and work , as they fight their long , multi-faceted war .
LANG_ENG Moreover , they worry that the problems associated with changing EU decision-making will delay enlargement , with current EU members conveniently able to blame the candidates for this inaction .
LANG_ENG From 17 points and upwards , he may no longer draw a card .
LANG_ENG Use our online tools to make 10 full-colour , double sided Cards , with your own photos , logo and text .
LANG_ENG * SilverFast Multi-Exposure ® (for enhancing the dynamic range) and iSRD (Infrared scratch and dust removal) are hardware dependent features .
LANG_ENG Are they friendly ?
LANG_ENG Noble roller pen , designed by CERRUTI 1881 .
LANG_ENG Booking.com: hotel B &amp; B Fonte Dei Tufi , Siena , Italy - 259 Guest reviews .
LANG_ENG All this exposes our country to threats and pressure designed to extort money in exchange for full participation in the imperialist schemes , which have been becoming even worse since the NATO Summit in Bucharest .
LANG_ENG This is to ensure that we have the highest quality , most sophisticated translations as soon as possible not only for the patent , but for other uses too , such as the points of single contact and the Internal Market Information System (IMI).
LANG_ENG Do you perform searchwork in countries other than Germany ?
LANG_ENG Macro-financial assistance is never given unless there is such an agreement .
LANG_ENG This applies particularly when a change due to mandatory statutory requirements .
LANG_ENG We are reading and hearing rumours that are rather dangerous .
LANG_ENG That will mean that the directive no longer has any point , because then the majority , if not all , temporary work will fall outside of its scope .
LANG_ENG Nonetheless , I trust the House will then be able to agree that a step forward has been taken .
LANG_ENG The bus operates every 10 min during the day , every 20 min during the night .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I have a point of order based on Rules 2 , 5 and 119 of the Rules of Procedure .
LANG_ENG Only then it will be possible to set basic conditions socially , economically and ecologically to secure an environment worth living for for future generations .
LANG_ENG The Cartagena Protocol on Biosafety required the identity of GMOs to be specified .
LANG_ENG Lunch is served from 12: 30 to 15: 00 , with dinner available from 19: 30 to 22: 00 .
LANG_ENG Piedāvājam vairāk kā 170 pakalpojumus , kas saistīti ar emocijām - emociju , piedzīvojumu dāvanas .
LANG_ENG This website may contain links to other web sites operated by third parties other than Vestas Wind Systems A / S.
LANG_ENG Ukraine will then be obliged to implement fully the single economic space with Russia , Belarus and Kazakhstan , and possibly even Uzbekistan .
LANG_ENG Apparently , the message , especially in Great Britain , is that cannabis should become as culturally accepted as alcohol is at present .
LANG_ENG In the form of " slow listening " and enriched by the projection of images , Clemens Goldberg exposes the symbolic content of the " celestial " mass , Et Ecce Terrae Motus , by Antoine Brumel (ca .
LANG_ENG Be that as it may , I am prepared to pursue this debate in other contexts .
LANG_ENG In that case , it would still need to complete the rest of the process .
LANG_ENG N crimp connector for cable types: Belden H-155 (H155), HDF240 , CFD240 ..
LANG_ENG We must commit to the economic development of all of Europe through the development of small and medium-sized enterprises and job creation .
LANG_ENG In the same year , the Greens established the P7 , conceived as a counter event to the meeting of the then G7 , the seven most important industrial countries in the world .
LANG_ENG The young talents of Germany proved that they are well able to hold their own in international competitions and they managed to reach the top level of world junior tennis .
LANG_ENG the particular importance of raising awareness among professionals and the public and the timely and accurate reporting and sharing of information with other countries , in particular the ? EA / ? FTA countries , acceding and candidate countries and with the WHO .
LANG_ENG In the Union there is insufficient knowledge or understanding of the political situation in Russia .
LANG_ENG I , for one , would not have wanted her last report to Parliament to be so incomprehensible .
LANG_ENG Jacob Selects SenzaNET to for its Next Temperature Sensors !
LANG_ENG Similarly , I am not in a position to accept amendments touching on matters which are already covered by the Water Framework Directive .
LANG_ENG Can you confirm which country should levy VAT on removals - the country being moved out of or the country being moved into - and can some clear guidance be given to the companies concerned ?
LANG_ENG Payouts are instant as soon as Fonbet procedes to certain checks .
LANG_ENG A cheap way of getting a good nights rest .
LANG_ENG We also thought about your car you will park in our free underground car park with access to the stairway .
LANG_ENG Your benefit: The dots JT Printer for Terminal Server is the ideal tool for integrating the central printing concept into your enterprise " s terminal server environment .
LANG_ENG For the APEC summit Brähler ICS were requested to support the local engineers and to share their experience and flexibility during this highly prestigious event .
LANG_ENG Emissions trading in the area of air traffic involves risk factors , and I appeal to you all to pay attention to one or two important issues .
LANG_ENG The crisis in the Commission now behind us demonstrated abundantly clearly that there is no effective mechanism for calling to account EU officials guilty of serious management errors or worse .
LANG_ENG The hotel was beautiful , elegant , clean , friendly &amp; located close to everything we wanted to see .
LANG_ENG This spacious and comfortable country home in Lagos , Algarve is great for relaxing holidays in the south of Portugal .
LANG_ENG With this certification you are able to plunge down to 18 mts .
LANG_ENG I do think that it was particularly those who had been in Johannesburg who were extremely disappointed by what came out of it with regard to renewable energies .
LANG_ENG It was the Council " s decision to send a seven-thousand-strong contingent of troops to Lebanon that saved the UNIFIL mission .
LANG_ENG But I believe that the Presidency of the Council has a great responsibility at the moment , because assessing what is possible should not prevail over the dictates of common sense .
LANG_ENG Each activity of popConnect is noted in log files in the W3C-format and so can easily be analysed graphically .
LANG_ENG Magna Steyr developed Mercedes-Benz &apos; s &quot; 4Matic &quot; all wheel drive system and assembles all E-Class 4Matic models . The company also did substantial development on the BMW X3 and manufactures all X3s .
LANG_ENG They do not want the US only to protect them , but to transform them .
LANG_ENG These courses help them to improve their co-ordination and their motorial abilities , so that they are then able to participate in Nordic skiing .
LANG_ENG This study was conducted to compare the linear measurement accuracy of 64-channel computed tomography (CT) and cone-beam CT (CBCT).
LANG_ENG It has now become essential to reduce excessive administrative burdens , in particular , to encourage greater participation by SMEs in the Seventh Framework Programme .
LANG_ENG Due to the initiative and enterprenoirable vision of four experienced doctors , the Augentagesklinik Sursee has become realitiy as soon as 1994 .
LANG_ENG Fibreboard is very bend and taff and has a high density .
LANG_ENG A major change instituted by the new Covenant was the rejection of food and animal sacrifices . Also , the teachings of Lao Zi as transmitted by Zhang Daoling included the first true Taoist religious pantheon as distinguished from the prior ancient religion of China .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I believe that we , unlike other committees , have only proposed an increase of EUR 3 million compared to the preliminary draft budget; I would therefore ask you to support the amendments of the Committee on Fisheries .
LANG_ENG Practice shows that current labelling of domestic appliances that informs consumers about how energy-intensive the appliances are does not represent reliable evidence .
LANG_ENG I urge the Commissioner to put pressure on the Member States .
LANG_ENG Its original architecture and impressive collection of art make this hotel extra-special .
LANG_ENG We preach conservation , yet the common fisheries policy has created an ecological calamity , wiping out what ought to have been a great , renewable resource .
LANG_ENG Sleep for at least 8 hours before the operation .
LANG_ENG Encouragement of pan-European awareness of the roots of the peoples of Europe , the condition sine qua non of the construction of the House of Europe .
LANG_ENG The degree of interference and pressure exerted on developing countries to introduce GMOs into their food chain is shocking .
LANG_ENG We ask you to have the vote reviewed .
LANG_ENG I think that the unions &apos; fear about social dumping is nonsense .
LANG_ENG The surface of the ground for better bonding with ksilolitovym coating should be sufficiently rough .
LANG_ENG Any sign of imperfection caused by pests and diseases can mean a serious loss in their potential income in this very competitive market .
LANG_ENG Click and drag to define the size of the chart .
LANG_ENG Perhaps I could address the question to Mr Pinheiro who , coming from Portugal , is very familiar with the way in which fishing is organized .
LANG_ENG The proposal does introduce a relaxation of the normal system of controls but it also aims to protect travellers and to spare them long hours of waiting at frontiers to comply with those controls .
LANG_ENG The report inserted a clause making it mandatory to ascertain that the manufacturer has used none of the heavy metals prohibited by the end-of-life vehicles directive .
LANG_ENG The inheritance molecule of just one single cell consists of around three billion of these tiny modules , squeezed together into a few thousands of a millimeter in the cell nucleus .
LANG_ENG This gave us courage and a belief in our own strength , and I should like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to those who stood by us at that time .
LANG_ENG That said , Mr President , to extricate ourselves from the blind alley in which we now find ourselves , we could start by voting on what Mr von Wogau has proposed , with Parliament then voting on the rest .
LANG_ENG Gauge pressure is the pressure relative to the local atmospheric or ambient pressure .
LANG_ENG Debian-Lex will contain a set of meta packages that declare dependencies on other Debian packages , and that way the complete system is prepared for solving particular tasks .
LANG_ENG Excellent news for the market , more risk of fraud !
LANG_ENG This legendary hotel offers the best hospitality in the centre of Berlin; with its beautiful Jugendstil facade , this is a taste of elegance and comfort in the German capital .
LANG_ENG Find the murderer in the exciting bonus game !
LANG_ENG You can preview the page at www.alexband.eu / xmas09.html ! !
LANG_ENG The black finish in combination with details made from polished stainless steel give the product its stylistically pure features .
LANG_ENG Giving the Ivorian people the means to achieve a democratic solution means rescinding a constitution that eliminates half of the population from political life and it means holding new , non-discriminatory elections .
LANG_ENG Just then they are hailed by the Valdore . Commander Donatra tells Picard she is sending shuttles with medical personnel and supplies .
LANG_ENG I believe that the Euro-African summit will be an opportunity to discuss all these problems , but what we need above all is an integrated and cohesive European Union strategy .
LANG_ENG A US State Department report on possible violations of the laws of war in Sri Lanka made public on October 22 , 2009 shows the need for an independent international investigation .
LANG_ENG The Belgrade authorities have informed UNMIK and Mr Haekkerup , most recently during the UN Security Council delegation visit to Belgrade .
LANG_ENG We should congratulate the British Government on taking effective action in a peace-keeping capacity .
LANG_ENG Our customers rely on our high quality and development standard .
LANG_ENG For the small , economically still-fragile states of East Central Europe , a Europe of national states , once again fighting ruthlessly for their own interests , is a nightmare .
LANG_ENG I am hopeful , but I am not very confident that this will be possible without us wielding a big stick .
LANG_ENG Returning is not at present an attractive prospect since the Moroccan authorities do hardly anything in the way of reception and guidance .
LANG_ENG In 1992 , the Guinness Book of Records reported Mossel Bay as having &apos; the second mildest climate in the world &apos; (first was a small town in Hawaii).
LANG_ENG The rooms at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel include a flat-screen TV , a free minibar and a marble bathroom .
LANG_ENG ResultINSTANTCONCEPT develops all print copy , evaluates proofs and is involved in final printing approval .
LANG_ENG This is a stunning magical effect , on which we are delighted to have the exclusive rights since 1965 ! The Shattering Crystal effect is by Bruno , the startling Ring Vanish by Werry .
LANG_ENG The CAN messages and signals are received in their entirety on one network and are then sent to the other CAN network while observing filtering and conversion rules .
LANG_ENG More to the point , it can , and must , take a leading role in this field in view of the added value it offers compared with the individual States .
LANG_ENG In one case , environmental activists took villagers from a proposed dam site to another town to see firsthand how poorly others had fared in the dam resettlement process .
LANG_ENG The service that you have provided is beyond excellent .
LANG_ENG When the removal has been completed we will reassemble the furniture that has been moved to the new premises .
LANG_ENG For their critical discussion of this text , I wish to thank my colleagues at eipcp , Andrea Hummer , Therese Kaufmann and Gerald Raunig .
LANG_ENG 14.Boj always corresponds to your ability to deal with &quot; kyo &quot; (unsupervised) and &quot; jitsu &quot; (baby).
LANG_ENG These borders must be as secure as possible , and that will require the use of the most modern technologies .
LANG_ENG We are pleased to assist you in the implementation over the phone and by e-mail , as well as by a programming service carryied out by our SAP implementation partner .
LANG_ENG Many people come to the swimming resort " Balzamake " , which can be a pretty crowded place in August .
LANG_ENG Since 1988 , the farmers &apos; struggle has focused on defending Lake Zirahuén , which covers an area of nearly eight square miles .
LANG_ENG Blue Cell Networks and Stroer implemented an innovative project to the mobile provider Telefónica O2 Germany within the Bluetooth City Networks: Grant scheme for first-home buyers by Bluetooth !
LANG_ENG Found the right picture and already bought it ?
LANG_ENG I am convinced that it is through culture that the EU can grow closer to its citizens and bring citizens closer to one another .
LANG_ENG On that planet , we see rankings in the upper 90 " s for the survey " s five categories: justice , health , education , economics , and politics .
LANG_ENG The TL 312 3D Speed plant was designed to obtain the best performances in the laser cutting of large-sized sheets with dimensions of 12500 x 3200 mm and more .
LANG_ENG This view of Hegel as an apologist of state power and precursor of 20th-century totalitarianism was criticized thoroughly by Herbert Marcuse in his Reason and Revolution: Hegel and the Rise of Social Theory .
LANG_ENG After that , we consider and evaluate your investments in terms of structure , returns , risks and tax issues and forecast their course of development .
LANG_ENG Opt for all-wheel steering for better on-site handling and smaller turning circles .
LANG_ENG The House of Clam-Gallas owned Grabštejn from 1704 until it was confiscated in 1945 . After the war , the castle was still opened to the public .
LANG_ENG Heat-insulating works , Walls and fasades Heat-insulating works , Heat-insulating of pipelines , containers , colonnes , Deposition of corrosion-resistant , paint-and-lacquer , heat insulating materials , Heat insulation of facades with polyfoam , Services of heat audit .
LANG_ENG We must , however , be careful .
LANG_ENG Member variables must be named by following the variable naming conventions .
LANG_ENG Furthermore , these companies receive subsidies and sometimes even privileges .
LANG_ENG Whether the 27 capitals cooperate is another matter , however .
LANG_ENG For the 10th time Berlin Tourismus Marketing GmbH (BTM) organises the Pow Wow in Berlin .
LANG_ENG Use our Online Fee Calculator to estimate how much your courses will cost .
LANG_ENG But the greatest scientific and public health goal in HIV / AIDS research still eludes us: the development of an effective HIV vaccine .
LANG_ENG  (The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149 (8)) 
LANG_ENG So I think we must be very careful not to find that , after one or two projects , we have spent all the money that we have .
LANG_ENG Itau , Latin America " s largest bank , is predicting GDP growth in Argentina of only 3.2% next year , down sharply from 6% in 2011 .
LANG_ENG This will require international cooperation and much effort from our negotiators at the WTO round of talks .
LANG_ENG However , this report concerns the threats to our forests . For the forests in northern and central Europe , the greatest threats are from airborne forms of pollution .
LANG_ENG Our traditional and centrally located hotel allows you to experience the charming atmosphere of a small town , up close and personal .
LANG_ENG De Beer Refinish offers you a wide variety of downloads in this section .
LANG_ENG On Tuesday , June 9th , 2009 the Project &quot; Mauerkleider - East Side Gallery goes Fashion &quot; was publicly opened with a press conference at the Adlon Kempinski Hotel (Room: Palais Saal), official sponsor of the project .
LANG_ENG This clearly means that if , in EU law or in its application at national level , there is discrimination , then the Union is empowered to intervene .
LANG_ENG We are now waiting for the Council of Ministers to reach a decision , which since last week has again been postponed to December .
LANG_ENG I wish to ask whether you will be adopting initiatives to achieve this ?
LANG_ENG FotoInsight presenta un nuovo servizio di foto su tela di grandi espansioni . Il servizio in linea utilizza tessuti in fibra speciale di lunga durata e la stampa montata su un telaio di legno .
LANG_ENG The 4-star hotel has 208 rooms providing a total of some 400 beds . The &quot; Herrngarten &quot; restaurant and the &quot; Moller &quot; bistro each of which has a large outdoor patio area serve a wide range of culinary delights .
LANG_ENG You will also be able to reach out to the American President on the issues of climate change and bring him into the equation for Copenhagen .
LANG_ENG It cannot continue .
LANG_ENG Depot Management for buses and trams with fully automatic disposition , failure management , central control of unmanned depots , real-time RFID-tracking .
LANG_ENG I am disappointed that this report did not make origin labelling compulsory for textile products , but I am encouraged that the Commission will come forward with an assessment report to address such issues in the future .
LANG_ENG And then shall ye know that I am an honest man , and that I am sent unto you from God .
LANG_ENG This fossil-bearing spot in Vatera is of great scientific importance as it provides us with significant information concerning the natural environment during the Pliocene , just before the beginning of the Ice Age , a period when the early humans appeared in the Old World .
LANG_ENG In this site you will find a wide selecion of updated institutional , cultural and leisure activities .
LANG_ENG On fishing , the fisheries sector plays a key role in Papua New Guinea &apos;s economy and - importantly - provides employment and income to its citizens .
LANG_ENG Twenty years ago a British TV documentary similarly recounted a story of a Saudi princess who was publicly executed for adultery .
LANG_ENG A list of all the money an Organisation or Business Unit plans to receive , and plans to pay out , over a specified period of time .
LANG_ENG I would like this to be corrected .
LANG_ENG As Mrs Jackson said , most chicken mince ends up in burgers or in Chinese ready meals of one sort or another .
LANG_ENG This was an important element in the original Commission proposal but it has now been dropped in the Council negotiations .
LANG_ENG It is therefore premature to anticipate its final conclusions .
LANG_ENG For there are so many aspects to the information society that we can only consider them together .
LANG_ENG The need to define and implement a European policy in the area of sea ports and maritime infrastructures has been apparent for some time .
LANG_ENG The image to the left shows the iso- surfaces .
LANG_ENG Innovations in communication have increased the contact among different cultures and shortened distances , changing our ways and the society we live in .
LANG_ENG If you decide to book a specific tour or other touristic service , you need to make the request through the relevant booking interface on the GetYourGuide website and enter accurate information .
LANG_ENG The breathtaking mountain scenery , the unique culture and the Ladin language , as well as the first-class and highly praised cuisine , all these make for a relaxing and indulgent holiday in Alta Badia .
LANG_ENG Despite playing Riker &apos;s much older superior officer , O &apos;Quinn is actually one month older than actor Jonathan Frakes .
LANG_ENG Musical studies in Papua New Guinea.West Africa , India , Trinidad &amp; Tobago .
LANG_ENG Burma gives those leaders a chance to do the right thing once again .
LANG_ENG Specifically , Tornjak &apos;s neck has to be relatively longer than that of Sarplaninac or Senenhound .
LANG_ENG De exhortatione castitatis (EP 366; EA 68f .) exhorts a friend who is a widower not to contract a second marriage , which he actually calls a &quot; kind of fornication &quot; (9) (before 207).
LANG_ENG Now the world &apos;s number two visitor attraction operator , it aims to deliver unique , memorable and rewarding experiences to its 30 million visitors worldwide , through its iconic global and local brands , and the commitment and passion of its managers and employees .
LANG_ENG Portal for the sale of motorcycles ...
LANG_ENG We have entered into an age when large-scale eco-bio-logical catastrophe , from viruses and UV rays to climate change and species extinction , informs everyday life , pushing postmodern society into a relentless search for absolute immunization from damage .
LANG_ENG There is distrust of scientific advisers in this area .
LANG_ENG Who will raise their hand and say &apos; We need to think about environmental questions &apos; ?
LANG_ENG No .
LANG_ENG Furthermore , the centralisation and relocation of all logistical processes has had a direct effect on the production area of the business location Haiger .
LANG_ENG This page contains sub-categories and keyword pages contextually , grammatically and meaningfully related to the keyword / phrase weddings .
LANG_ENG Alternatively , Koloth may have regretted never facing Kirk in hand-to-hand combat . The &quot; Gr &apos;oth &quot; was not identified by name or seen in the original version of { { e &#124; The Trouble with Tribbles } } .
LANG_ENG Democracy may be inconvenient , but it is all we have between freedom and tyranny .
LANG_ENG It is easily accessible from the the main road .
LANG_ENG Hopefully , in November we will get something a lot more concrete .
LANG_ENG Odile made a big difference to our perception of the hotel .
LANG_ENG Things have changed since 1991 .
LANG_ENG If that is the yardstick then - and I believe the Council and the Commission should admit that - we are standing before the ruins of a totally failed Turkish policy .
LANG_ENG The medieval traffic-free town of Gruyères with its walled castle is situated at the centre of this picturesque landscape , nestled between the mountain flanks of the Moléson and Dent du Chamois .
LANG_ENG Not so much the top , how many an ascention on it (her) is there was a third day and , apparently , the first when I have started to notice beauty around .
LANG_ENG Concerning the car industry specifically , I want to signal first of all that we also have an interest in enhancing market access for European cars in Korea .
LANG_ENG All manner of new legal and constitutional difficulties constantly arise .
LANG_ENG It is towards that end , ladies and gentlemen , that we should be working , and I should like to conclude , Madam President , by assuring you how pleased I am to have been able to benefit constantly from the unfailing support of the European Parliament .
LANG_ENG More work therefore needs to be done on them .
LANG_ENG His financier , Napoleon , wished a monument to commemorate the glory of the French army .
LANG_ENG HP IT Resource Center Maintenance and Support: Download individual patches and patch bundles (requires free registration).
LANG_ENG The staff are friendly and efficient , the rooms are clean , comfortable and classy .
LANG_ENG Another example is that of sustainable energy production with wind turbines .
LANG_ENG In addition , the supervisory board elects a second deputy chairman .
LANG_ENG The Irish vote must certainly make us stop and think: we must not get things out of proportion but it is certainly our duty to involve the European people in the important matters concerning the Union .
LANG_ENG Start the day with a varied Breakfast buffet and later , enjoy in our restaurant Cristina where you will be able to taste the best Valencian and International cuisine .
LANG_ENG A tried and tested remedy from Grandma: Let some SALT melt on your tongue and even the most adamant of hiccups will go away .
LANG_ENG This directive accommodates these freedoms , and that is not a moment too soon .
LANG_ENG We want to increase the competitiveness of the economy , fulfil the Lisbon objectives , maintain the cohesion policy , finance enlargement , and solve the statistical problems concerning the flows to the poorest regions of the current 15 Member States .
LANG_ENG Now Audio CDROMs can be imported directly to the Track Processor .
LANG_ENG That , in brief , is what I wanted to say to you about Kosovo .
LANG_ENG We discussed these elements in this House when dealing with the proposal on alcohol taxation and , with all due respect , I have got to say that the Commission has not changed its mind .
LANG_ENG I am not saying that the free movement of goods does not matter .
LANG_ENG Also we would like to present you our new logo too .
LANG_ENG these Terms may be modified by Latin Love periodically , such modifications will be effective , upon posting by Latin Love on the Web site . 1 .
LANG_ENG His nine Eheeuahe water this is the best amulet in the world today .
LANG_ENG UPM Raflatac " s innovative Rafwash labelstocks offer a premium self-adhesive alternative to wrap-around labels in PET recycling processes .
LANG_ENG In case of desisting of such assignment , such deposit will not be returned to the client and will remain in favour of Violet Lounge .
LANG_ENG Since most of our students are young professionals , instead of offering classes during busy and stressful weekdays , most of our classes are held over weekends to allow them to get enough rest and come to class with a fresh and productive mind .
LANG_ENG Ladies and gentlemen , I must tell you that the Commission has the same concerns as Parliament .
LANG_ENG That is another reason why it is so important for us to conclude the Agenda in good time .
LANG_ENG - Mr President , Commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , the recommendations drawn up by Mr Garcia-Margallo , whom I wish to congratulate , have come at the right moment to turn around the EU " s economic situation .
LANG_ENG More and more (inter) national multiple- and department-stores discover the value of the CombiClip Ink System .
LANG_ENG These are very high numbers in a country with a population of 60 million .
LANG_ENG They find it awkward to give reasons for their policies and regard parliaments as no more than a reservoir for those with whom they are prepared to share power .
LANG_ENG I stand by it .
LANG_ENG The E.U. filed a new panel request in its case on 20th January 2006 .
LANG_ENG . Europe is facing an unprecedented demographic problem .
LANG_ENG Fish &amp; Reptile - Hermoso Acuario de aprox .
LANG_ENG To do this , they used their own ships which were registered in the country in which the owner was based , and mainly employed crew from their own countries .
LANG_ENG This toolkit works well with Discstarter .
LANG_ENG Everything which is on the menu has been carefully selected .
LANG_ENG Founded in 1987 , the European year of the environment , the campaign spans over various European countries of the FEE , Foundation for Environmental Education .
LANG_ENG So he did what French Presidents usually do in such circumstances: rather than admit that French voters might be right , he sacked Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin as a scapegoat , replacing him with his protégé Dominique de Villepin , who has never held an elective office .
LANG_ENG The human rights situation is disastrous .
LANG_ENG On our web presence you learn more about the project idea , the remote monitoring system and the clinical trial .
LANG_ENG You install a printer that has a conventional serial or parallel interface on one host .
LANG_ENG In the surroundings of Maspalomas Golf Course you can find a wide range of accommodation: from luxury hotels to small developments with all types of facilities .
LANG_ENG Excursions: Al área de interpretación del Robledal de Orgi , Casa museo de apicultura de Eltso , Molino de Zubieta , Paque Natural de Bertiz , queserías artesanales y sidrerías y el embalse de Leurtza .
LANG_ENG The legal base for the principle involved has been in the Treaties since the Treaty of Maastricht , signed by all our Member States , ratified by all national parliaments .
LANG_ENG A team of sports therapist and experienced experts awaits you in our spa to give you personal advice and accompany you with skill and sensitivity - with individual coaching , on the apparatus , and also in group training .
LANG_ENG By contrast , Technologies improved on its prior-year income .
LANG_ENG DOI resolution is provided through the Handle System technology , developed by CNRI (Corporation for National Research Initiatives), and is freely available to any user encountering a DOI .
LANG_ENG When this parliamentary term began we , the new Members , were surprised with Parliament &apos;s building policy at that stage .
LANG_ENG Evoke { 1 } { R } (You may play this spell for its evoke cost .
LANG_ENG Closeness to other good stuff (shopping , restaurants , etc).
LANG_ENG If there is no money , terrorist activity is held back , and that is , of course , the aim of our efforts .
LANG_ENG Whether there is to be a supervisory body or data bank , or whatever , is less important . What is crucial is that we obtain statistics .
LANG_ENG No intervention buying took place .
LANG_ENG Already a leader in herbal products for pharmacies in its national market , the Tilman laboratory is gradually developing its international presence .
LANG_ENG Looking ahead , acting in a firm and timely manner to ensure price stability in the medium term remains warranted .
LANG_ENG Indeed , a website developed using the IE browser could have made a really different in Firefox and Opera , offset tables , style sheets (CSS) not properly read what the effect of nullifying or completely distort the design of a Web page .
LANG_ENG The Commission is working hard to create conditions for partner countries which will enable them to come together and to plot a course towards comprehensive regional agreements .
LANG_ENG If you would prefer , you can set your browser to stop cookies being placed on your terminal equipment - please refer to your specific Internet browser for instructions .
LANG_ENG In this context , I must draw your attention to an important point .
LANG_ENG Deeper and deeper we get in to the east .
LANG_ENG TMsearcher24 is the international multi-lingual gateway to the large search and monitoring service of Researcher24 .
LANG_ENG We are highly flexible and innovative and contribute to our customers " success .
LANG_ENG Those who follow the European media and those who , for example , have read today &apos;s edition of Daily Outlook Afghanistan will know that violence in Afghanistan has now become much more widespread and commonplace .
LANG_ENG For the rosé Grenache 50% minimum , Syrah and / or Mourvèdre 20% minimum , other grape varieties tolerated 20% maximum , white grape varieties 20% maximum (Grenache , Clairette , Marsanne , Roussanne , Bourboulenc and Viognier).
LANG_ENG Mr Posselt , burden-sharing , which you talked about - one of your favourite subjects - has nothing to do with what we are discussing today , although I do concede that we need to talk about burden-sharing .
LANG_ENG However , it is our view that the Slovak Government could take the necessary measures to avoid inflation escalating after it joins the euro area .
LANG_ENG I am obliged to adhere to a number of rules of law .
LANG_ENG People are demanding safety , in the knowledge that this does not preclude humanitarian and solidarity measures .
LANG_ENG For more information on Ducks Unlimited , visit www.ducks.org .
LANG_ENG Traditionally , the strains were constructed by superimposing two or more third parties , but may be consistent with other intervals as the chords of fourths .
LANG_ENG But as there is no such proposal by the Commission , we are in a very hypothetical question and answer game here .
LANG_ENG This is a most welcome initiative at a time when Europe is enduring the most significant migratory crisis in its history .
LANG_ENG stands for the number of your serial port .
LANG_ENG By no means are we offering a defence speech here .
LANG_ENG The second point that I would like to mention today , very briefly , is the situation in Angola .
LANG_ENG We are well aware that , in the European Union , a whole raft of directives such as the directive on habitats and the directive on migratory birds encounter problems in implementation .
LANG_ENG Applying for a US visa can be a lengthy process which can take several weeks .
LANG_ENG listed in the drop down box GeoAze uses these names when score keeping .
LANG_ENG For new designs , consider the NI USB-6212 Mass Term or USB-6216 Mass Term .
LANG_ENG What interests me is what the Commission &apos;s strategy says about this issue .
LANG_ENG The company is now a subsidiary of NORDENIA INTERNATIONAL AG .
LANG_ENG Seeing is believing ... you can try Merlin and the Web Module today .
LANG_ENG Kranjska Gora offers excellent possibilities for spending your time actively with 30 km of excellently prepared runs , all with the option of artificial snow and night skiing .
LANG_ENG By implementing Comarch Semiramis , Blizzard was able to organise its processes more efficiently and increase their transparency .
LANG_ENG The Chilean Sociedad Punta de Lobos extracts rock salt through costeffective open-cast mining in the Salar Grande of the Tarapacá .
LANG_ENG Third , there was the important and sensitive matter of groundwater .
LANG_ENG I agree with Mr Howitt that a reinforced effort should be made by the European Union as a whole to address human rights concerns more systematically and to mainstream human rights considerations in EU policies .
LANG_ENG on behalf of the S &amp; D Group . - (SK) Madam President , it is clear , first and foremost , that these companies are not only misleading , but are also fraudulent .
LANG_ENG As a result , we will save an amount in the single-digit million range in this and next year .
LANG_ENG The Bundle Blocking Unit 0457 simplifies the transport of product bundles and blocks them for optimal print finishing .
LANG_ENG The three bays in the National Park are considered the most beautiful in the country . Two of them , the white-sand bays of Espadilla Sur and Manuel Antonio , are separa ...
LANG_ENG Choose an Arrival and Departure Date and click on " Search " .
LANG_ENG I am convinced that overall , Parliament will endorse a positive outcome .
LANG_ENG All patches will then be seamlessly welded together and smoothed , even if they are subdivided in a different way .
LANG_ENG Therefore , it should not have come as a great surprise - or any surprise at all - that the Chinese exporters would avail of the opportunity .
LANG_ENG Agenda 2000 says nothing about mainstreaming in central and eastern Europe .
LANG_ENG When Studebaker closed its Canadian operation and left the automobile business in 1966 , remaining Studebaker dealers had the option to convert their dealerships to Mercedes-Benz dealership agreements .
LANG_ENG  ({ { TOS &#124; Where No Man Has Gone Before } }) &quot; { { bginfo &#124; Piper was played by actor &#91; &#91; Paul Fix &#93; &#93; .
LANG_ENG There are still lots of groups where , despite good legislation , anti-discrimination is not working: Roma , Ashkaeli and Egyptians , LGBT people; we should also mention gender equality on International Women &apos;s Day .
LANG_ENG A credit card is required to secure your reservation at Durham Castle in Durham .
LANG_ENG On a site the selection help the information for beginners генеалогов is collected and not only .
LANG_ENG Once again , the sensible guess is that these two factors more or less cancel each other out .
LANG_ENG We should have tax concessions to switch to the most modern lorries , but it is not appropriate to go one " s own way when we are building a common Europe .
LANG_ENG That meant that the Council had taken over responsibility .
LANG_ENG During the Metromeet Conference , there will be detailed press information for the media .
LANG_ENG As followers of the Ahrimanic Oracle , they were concerned only with furthering materialism .
LANG_ENG Our friendly wait staff is at your service , come dine with us for an authentic taste of Turkish cuisine .
LANG_ENG The facts will show this .
LANG_ENG New and more effective programmes are needed to prevent and eliminate diseases of bee colonies .
LANG_ENG Finally your skin gets a soft and smooth , velvet like appearance .
LANG_ENG Or you can stay the same size , conceptually , as everyone else on your page - you don " t have to assert your dominance or authority .
LANG_ENG - (SK) Mr President , we all still remember clearly the terrible disaster at the Chernobyl nuclear plant 25 years ago .
LANG_ENG I wish to express my appreciation of the work performed by your rapporteur , Tim Kirkhope , and the TRAN Committee , as well as the committees which expressed their opinions .
LANG_ENG Our Hotel is not prepared to receive children under 3 years .
LANG_ENG Whenever the people of Europe get the chance of a referendum , they reject it .
LANG_ENG Most will have some section that they consider health food .
LANG_ENG They address issues with existing kilns and dryers .
LANG_ENG I think that the new proposal put forward by the European Commission in May 2007 , which is intended to provide incentives for the withdrawal of almost 3.8 million tonnes of sugar from the EU market , will again fail to bring about the anticipated results .
LANG_ENG There is an emerging consensus that global efforts are needed to win the battle against climate change and that Bali must set out the process and content of the post-2012 climate agreement .
LANG_ENG Well worth seeing is the late-baroque round church , a building of national importance , and the roaring Fellbach stream which runs through the middle of the village .
LANG_ENG I think it is certainly appropriate that we should first have an hour &apos;s worth of debate on the Berlin statement , followed by an exhaustive one on the Council .
LANG_ENG We must endeavour to provide common rules , to set limits beyond which information is no longer considered to be independent .
LANG_ENG There is a strong correlation between the number of visas for skilled applicants and patents filed in the US .
LANG_ENG Its members have already had remarkable success in introducing a different approach to these vital areas .
LANG_ENG  (The President cut off the speaker) 
LANG_ENG Could Commissioner van den Broek confirm that in effect what he is saying is that we are still in a position whereby within Bosnia there is actually no real freedom of movement , i.e. , we have still got de facto ethnic cleansing ?
LANG_ENG There is a general agreement that the political situation in Afghanistan remains extremely fluid .
LANG_ENG Thank you for that supplementary question .
LANG_ENG They create their own study plan from the lectures on offer .
LANG_ENG The vote will take place today .
LANG_ENG The Romanesque parish church of S. Maria Assunta was , perhaps , constructed on the remains of a pre- Cristian temple .
LANG_ENG To relax , play a game of tennis or settle down with a book in the library .
LANG_ENG We should apply the same principles .
LANG_ENG Beaches in Nerja reflect a unique variety .
LANG_ENG On 18 October 2006 the Commission presented its proposals .
LANG_ENG However , I have still witnessed rather perfunctory ideological positions - and an extremely radical one , in one case - being adopted .
LANG_ENG We cannot consent to having a controlled system of constant , unjustified spying in Europe , and one which is , moreover , pointless and expensive .
LANG_ENG Thus , pragma:: tims meets the requirements of the established quality assurance models , such as CMMI . The pragma:: tims ticket references resolve this requirement in an elegant way .
LANG_ENG I have put forward some very simple and basic suggestions in my report which could help to overcome this problem .
LANG_ENG As it says , libraries are important cultural centres , repositories of knowledge , information-providers and social forums .
LANG_ENG Osisko acquired a 100% interest in the Canadian Malartic property in November 2004 , and initiated a detailed compilation of the extensive historical database in January 2005 , including data from over 5,000 surface and underground drill holes .
LANG_ENG Afterwards we will go to Arapa , which is about 7 hours walking .
LANG_ENG Commissioner , I know that you want to do something about this .
LANG_ENG The port of Vienna has an area of 3.5 million square metres .
LANG_ENG On the other hand , the implementation figures for programmes outside the European Union are very poor and in some cases this is the fault of third countries and in others , the majority of cases , it is the fault of the Commission .
LANG_ENG These become ever more complex , and decisions are conspicuous by their absence .
LANG_ENG The effectiveness and safety of a preemptive antifungal therapy in intensive care patients have not been sufficiently studied &#91; 147 &#93; , &#91; 148 &#93;; hence , an intervention of this kind is not recommended .
LANG_ENG If you would like to write for tripwolf , please drop us an email at info @ tripwolf.com.
LANG_ENG Debian / NetBSD was also demonstrated at the booth .
LANG_ENG The roller manufacturer will take two models of this new generation of tandem rollers with the &quot; plus factor &quot; ...
LANG_ENG As real democrats we like debate .
LANG_ENG For a discription of the bands klick on the name .
LANG_ENG The Fairstv.Group is the leading online editorial group for trade shows and events , and a reference company in Internet .
LANG_ENG The number of registered clients at the end of 2005 turned eMule one of the 10 applications with most subscribers of all the times in the IT world .
LANG_ENG The European Parliament resolution makes some good points but fails to come down in favour of a complete ban , merely calling for a moratorium pending further study .
LANG_ENG The figures agreed will permit Ireland to increase emissions only by 13 per cent relative to 1990 figures .
LANG_ENG Follow your social heart and ensure that the internal market becomes a market for everyone , not just the plaything of large companies .
LANG_ENG The term &quot; point &quot; means that the colour is restricted only to the face , the ears , the legs and the tail , whereas the body is almost white - mostly the colour is not a pure white colour , but a pale eggshell .
LANG_ENG This Friday the matter will be raised for the first time by the Court of Justice working party , and whether or not it will be discussed further will depend on the opinions expressed by the Member States there .
LANG_ENG The EU believed it could use so-called peaceful civil nuclear power to bribe a totalitarian regime to refrain from developing nuclear weapons .
LANG_ENG It is the changing angle of the sun " s rays onto the surface of the earth that forms the basis of these indications .
LANG_ENG Elijah was an activist Aiyub Achehnese World Association , Mental Health Master Students HUC of Norway &#91; Photo / Doc / Waa &#93; .
LANG_ENG I believe that the present recommendation is just the beginning .
LANG_ENG You will be sent the ticket number automatically by e-mail .
LANG_ENG The operation of European institutions - the European Central Bank , the European Commission , and the Stability Pact - is facing severe criticism , but not in the name of a nostalgia for national sovereignty .
LANG_ENG In the next few weeks the NGO First Step Forum will be visiting Turkey to investigate the situation on the ground and I will be happy to forward a copy of its report to the President-in-Office .
LANG_ENG At the end of your stay , you just leave the car at the airport with the keys inside .
LANG_ENG Sugar has promised us that we will see the Lions .
LANG_ENG How are documents to be imported into a written application or email application ?
LANG_ENG The hotel " s spacious NOVUS Restaurant serves a complete buffet breakfast and a prestigious gourmet dinner . This restaurant specialises in delicious Spanish dishes but also serves other international cuisine .
LANG_ENG The active ingredients contained in a falsified medicine may in fact be sub-standard , completely absent , or present in an incorrect dose .
LANG_ENG Mr Corbett has already said that we have one of the lowest thresholds compared to the national parliaments of the world .
LANG_ENG See the Filters chapter for more information on filters .
LANG_ENG nce a character achieves tenth level , it will begin earning talent points at the rate of one per level .
LANG_ENG In it , the audience will be able to hear recordings that Uwe Lausen made with the musician Hans Poppel , and texts by the artist .
LANG_ENG  (The President cut off the speaker) 
LANG_ENG The screed extends hydraulically from 2.55m to 5m and builds up with bolt-on extensions to a maximum width of 8.5m. Addition of cut-off shoes allows to reduce pave width to a minimum of 2m .
LANG_ENG The new cap on Kühne vinegars means you can add exactly the right amount of superb aroma to your dishes ...
LANG_ENG I deplore the delays that there have been in the selection process for projects in strategic areas such as transport , certain energy and environmental investments , the digital economy , social inclusion , governance and reinforcement of administrative capacities .
LANG_ENG Cross the street on which Hotel Brigita is situated and , after a 3-minute walk , you will find Hotel Vilmaja on the left side .
LANG_ENG You can not miss vehicles Top Net when they move to Geneva .
LANG_ENG The idea of having weekly petrol stock measurements in Europe is one issue which I was sorry not to be able to carry through .
LANG_ENG Agvan Dorjiev (1854-1938) was a Buryat Mongol monk who studied in Lhasa and became the Master Debate Partner (Assistant Tutor) of the Thirteenth Dalai Lama .
LANG_ENG We are expecting to stay at the level we have been at in recent years as far as NGO cofinancing is concerned . This has been at a level of EUR 2.4 million; it could be a little more or a little less .
LANG_ENG We have refused to invite Tibet &apos;s spiritual leader to the General Affairs Council , and that is a very wrong decision; we were not even able to vote against those who practise Falun Gong .
LANG_ENG Germany and Italy want free passage through Austria and Switzerland , but the latter two countries want to protect their valleys against those flows of heavy goods vehicles , and want to transfer transport quickly over to the railways .
LANG_ENG Madam President , I would just like finally to say that we have had a very exhausting week and that a really important point has been made . We have received confirmation from a representative of the Council that the Council will now look after security in Brussels .
LANG_ENG Of course it must be carried out under certain rules and criteria and , if that is the case , then benefits will continue to be gained by those who are more open .
LANG_ENG There are more than 80 million adults in Europe hampered by severe deficiencies in basic skills .
LANG_ENG The rooms offer you a fascinating view of the River Maas and the city of Rotterdam .
LANG_ENG Rather than talk about delay , I would talk about the need for the Member States - something I agree with - to trial the system in depth to see how it works and could work better , before actually rolling it out .
LANG_ENG Application techniques were refined to exclusive use in wall and floor decoration .
LANG_ENG We therefore wait with interest to see what Mrs Bjerregaard has to say .
LANG_ENG Tick Cape Town " s top 10 activities off your to-do list in less than a week .
LANG_ENG It has several factories that have moved to the outskirts as well .
LANG_ENG We are committed to offering fair and competitive salaries .
LANG_ENG The widespread approval enjoyed by the European Council is also a valid testimony to your work .
LANG_ENG Stormshroud Gloves are now Bind on Equip .
LANG_ENG That is the message we must drive home .
LANG_ENG The staff was courteous and attentive , the room was lovely and clean , free wifi , even on the 6th floor , plus great breakfast .
LANG_ENG Because if we want to create 15 million jobs , we will need to innovate under the Lisbon Agenda and implement new policies that are original and dynamic and that foster private initiative .
LANG_ENG When would you like to stay at the Central Park Hotel ?
LANG_ENG The key is the WTO and what happens there .
LANG_ENG The Aquae Vivae Hotel , with its 245 beds , offers comfortable accommodation in single and double rooms with the possibillity of using a third couchette , as well as two suites .
LANG_ENG The hotel lies in the centre of one of the most prestigious districts of Paris , near the Avenue Kléber business centre .
LANG_ENG I think he is right; the Commission &apos;s behaviour is certainly remarkable , to put it politely .
LANG_ENG At around the age of 40 the hormonal situation begins to change .
LANG_ENG Change to the InstallerImage _ win32 directory in the area where the pu.disk _ win32.zip file was unpacked .
LANG_ENG Show full path in file list: If this option is selected the whole file path , not only the file name , is shown in the playlist while creating or editing alarms .
LANG_ENG The first is adjustments to cover amounts deposited in accounts in banks outside the European Union which have gone bankrupt during the previous year .
LANG_ENG 3 . Inclusion of Bulgarian and Romanian among the languages of procedure for the Court of Justice (vote) 
LANG_ENG Planting vegetation of the fringe areas prevents erosion , late mowing enhances flourishing herbs , vineyard peaches untighten the vineculture increasingly .
LANG_ENG There is another issue , highlighted by Mr Sterckx , Mrs Lucas and others as well such as Mr Blokland and Mr Hatzidakis and that is the renewal of the fleets .
LANG_ENG It does not matter if you want to relax or go skiing - our hotel will make it easy for you to forget your normal course of life .
LANG_ENG In the report , it is proposed that all Members , irrespective of nationality , should receive the same salary .
LANG_ENG The refined design , rational and essential , guarantees maximum ergonomic comfort .
LANG_ENG On systems that are affected , you cannot save files from Microsoft Office programs directly to a floppy disk .
LANG_ENG Situated on the seafront next to the wonderful beach of Cala Millor , Majorca with lovely views over the bay , and only 500 m. from the shopping and entertainment centre .
LANG_ENG There is a choice of several main courses .
LANG_ENG Why , then , can Ireland not be allowed to go its own way ?
LANG_ENG We are not only a great brooker , we are also well known for the very best customer service for our ladies .
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Hotel Selene .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I will not repeat any of the comments made by Mr Secchi , which I support from start to finish .
LANG_ENG Inauguration of the first rail terminus in Paris .
LANG_ENG Thirdly , we completely opposed to using even more taxpayers &apos; money to cover the pension fund &apos;s current deficit as a result of speculative investments .
LANG_ENG The visitor has the impression of standing eye-to-eye with the giant of the seas .
LANG_ENG The amendment does not interfere with private communications between citizens and does not enable fines to be imposed on individuals .
LANG_ENG QuarkXPress Server ® fuses the fine typography and graphic capabilities of QuarkXPress ® with scalable server - based composition and rendering into an engine that powers high - value publishing workflows and business applications .
LANG_ENG It is our responsibility as a parliament , particularly as the democratically elected voice of the European Union , to comment on current political developments in Austria which are in conflict with the policies of this parliament .
LANG_ENG  (1) Extent on our sides personal data (such as name , address or e-mail addresses) are collected , this is as far as possible on a voluntary basis .
LANG_ENG Moreover , these changes must take account of the nature of economic cycles and the necessary distinction between an operating deficit and an investment deficit .
LANG_ENG Please contact us for details on the activities , courses and yoga and meditation stays .
LANG_ENG I believe that this recommendation will contribute greatly to the protection of consumer health and the environment , and I hope , Mr President , that the Commission and the Council will be able to incorporate it .
LANG_ENG Mr President , we too would like to congratulate the Ombudsman and the chairman of the Committee on Petitions , of which I am a member and which I value most highly because it deals with citizens &apos; rights .
LANG_ENG Directly on the beach , restructured in 2009 , peaceful zone , entirely air conditioned ...
LANG_ENG They know and value our strengths: technologically advanced products , system expertise , high productivity , outstanding quality and well-trained and motivated staff .
LANG_ENG Family company AG FOODS Group a.s. is a specialist in development , production , and distribution of instant drink mixtures since the year 1990 .
LANG_ENG The restaurant is open from 12: 30 - 14: 30 for lunch and from 19: 30 - 22: 00 for dinner .
LANG_ENG This requires a lifestyle change - one that governments should begin encouraging employers and workers to embrace .
LANG_ENG Given their isolation , special measures need to be taken to improve connections with island areas .
LANG_ENG How can we guarantee that the humanitarian aid will actually reach its intended destination: the suffering population and the NGO workers on the ground who are risking their lives ?
LANG_ENG I , along with many of my colleagues have been deeply involved in many meetings and discussions on this particular dossier .
LANG_ENG I am unable to vote for this report , because it contains too many references that are detrimental to conventional medicine and too favourable towards more or less dubious homeopathic preparations and remedies .
LANG_ENG 4 - Some knowledge of: CSS , HTML and PHP .
LANG_ENG Federico Barbarossa , in 1154 , received the ambassador of Pope Adrian IV here and this event is recalled in the &quot; Festa del Barbarossa &quot; , 3 � Sunday of June .
LANG_ENG In Ireland &apos;s case this will involve both north-south and east-west connectors and , in due course , a giant UK-Ireland market will be created , offering greater consumer choice and more competitive prices .
LANG_ENG Hot and horny to sexy beats and rhythms from outrageous DJs from Europe .
LANG_ENG Is the directive really necessary ?
LANG_ENG When logged into the casino , click on the &apos; Options &apos; button .
LANG_ENG Different rules apply to the various areas in order to reflect the respective differences in terms of types of fishing , levels of activity and situation of the population units .
LANG_ENG I was extremely surprised to learn that in today &apos; s Europe , political boundaries still prevail when it comes to the organisation of air traffic control .
LANG_ENG Come and enjoy our fantastic situation in the heart of amazing Benidorm , Playa de Levante .
LANG_ENG The Palazzo itself offers a peace hard to find in the centre of Rome .
LANG_ENG We may disagree in other areas , but here we are strong and united .
LANG_ENG This unique technology traps dust on the surface of the bag , allowing dust to be easily pulsed off during cleaning , which results in lower pressure drop and annual energy savings .
LANG_ENG BACK TO ROCK rocked ! - The perfect festival: location , organisation , atmosphere , visitors , bands ... just perfect !
LANG_ENG Collaboration with Allianz begins . First Baedeker Allianz Travel Guides are published .
LANG_ENG Unfortunately , many aspects of the roadmap have , and continue , to come under attack .
LANG_ENG Today , the Irish Government has called for and rightly obtained European solidarity .
LANG_ENG I would like to support Mr Cunningham &apos;s point but we were rather overtaken by the swiftness of events .
LANG_ENG Heck , I even made his job easier and explained that I was rather pleased with the customer service of Deutsche Telekom so far , but the price is a problem .
LANG_ENG Broad consultations were also held with the social partners , so that the Commission could present the results of the debate together with specific proposals for future priorities and improved management of the Employment Strategy .
LANG_ENG That way we will create the right conditions for social unity , steady development and belief in the future .
LANG_ENG Regarding the possibility of making the financial system long-term oriented with the introduction of a general FTT , the Commission is not aware of clear data or studies on the relationship between such a tax and the maturity structure of financial intermediation .
LANG_ENG Incredibly , Dublin City has been selected as the European Capital of Sport 2010 !
LANG_ENG We investigate all manner of issues on behalf of them and we cannot ignore calls that Member States may have breached their Treaty obligations under Article 6 of the EU Treaty , which outlines the basic principles of democracy , human rights and respect of law .
LANG_ENG Apartments for holiday rentals in El Puerto de Santa María , Cadiz . Located in private developments El Ancla and Las Redes .
LANG_ENG Under Important Documents you will also find the general terms and conditions of business , the conditions for application , and other useful documents and information on preparing offers and accounting procedures .
LANG_ENG A step for step tutorial on how to install and use the Very Simple Image Gallery Plugin .
LANG_ENG Unfortunately this year has been no exception .
LANG_ENG On the subject of animal fats , I would again propose that we leave the fat in the milk , i.e. that we use the butter .
LANG_ENG I don &apos;t believe all these are virtues of the intercultural dialogue .
LANG_ENG Ghirardelli Square and Fisherman &apos;s Wharf are only steps from this downtown San Francisco hotel , featuring on-site dining options along with a variety of thoughtful amenities , including a gift shop .
LANG_ENG I support this .
LANG_ENG For 85 years , our commitment has been to provide the best possible quality in order to guarantee the most precise analytical results . Welcome to the fine art of precision !
LANG_ENG I realise that my report is far from perfect and that numerous other changes could have been included; however , I fear that Parliament finds the word discipline somewhat disagreeable .
LANG_ENG This debate should not be conducted within the framework of EU cooperation but in a broader international context .
LANG_ENG All product catalogue of enterprise: Beyond , Sp .
LANG_ENG The elegant combination of a small , high-quality USB recording interface with versatile controller capabilities , connection configurations , and the included assignment preset files , guarantee the AUDIO KONTROL 1 &apos;s appeal - including for DJs and Guitarists .
LANG_ENG If we can , we will be glad to answer you .
LANG_ENG She is the youngest member of the Sunworld Team currently.Rebecca joined the hospitality industry in 2003 after enrolling in a hospitality course at the renowned Utalii College in Nairobi .
LANG_ENG MINDBODY " s appointment calendar gives you the option to book chairs and other equipment as you book a stylist for an appointment .
LANG_ENG Over the past ten years , global arms expenditure has increased by 37% .
LANG_ENG That is why I am in favour of considering the possibility of using the country of residence principle .
LANG_ENG Mr President , the Commissioner called on us not to help but , at least , to ensure that we did not put any barriers or obstacles in the way of her work .
LANG_ENG On paper , the Olympus SP-590 UZ looks like it could replace a digital SLR camera .
LANG_ENG Bayer AG infections and immune system informations: prevention and treatment .
LANG_ENG How to buy online and know buy cheap online are the objectives that this shopping portal has for its visitors .
LANG_ENG There are still population groups without their own state who feel that the government of the state in which they find themselves would prefer it if they left the country in order to make room for people who belong to the majority group .
LANG_ENG Our engineers develop and innovate constantly in order to offer to you the best products complementary to the whole of our services .
LANG_ENG It is also our obligation to make sure that the reduction in tariffs brings about a genuine improvement in the situation of the developing countries .
LANG_ENG Sadly , there continues to be a huge difference between words and deeds .
LANG_ENG The date of receipt of the invoice amount on our account provides the standard in this case .
LANG_ENG If one of the legislative bodies , namely the Council of Ministers , does not conduct its legislative business in the open , then we will end up with a problem .
LANG_ENG The Environmental Management System has to be a flexible document and one that constantly adapts to new technology , new knowledge and new values .
LANG_ENG Public health action programme (2001-2006) 
LANG_ENG Mufin player automatically shows you if tracks are available for download and lets you add them to your music library with a single click .
LANG_ENG We consider that monitoring should be carried out by a single independent authority to check requirements related to the cabin crews of all air carriers operating in the EU , without exception .
LANG_ENG Our facilities are available to meet your diverse business needs .
LANG_ENG Autonomous clock movement with embedded control , applicable for floral clocks .
LANG_ENG In case that for unforeseeable reasons a winner could not be determined or we cannot spend the collected funds , they will be donated to the Free Software Foundation Europe .
LANG_ENG Unaffected nature , majestic mountains , freshening water , champagne air and lots of holiday quality at their spa facilities .
LANG_ENG This was the case both at the July Council and at the informal ministerial meeting in Tampere last week .
LANG_ENG Above all , I also believe that its website should be expanded and self-examination should be introduced , for example , and a series of other possible actions taken , as is already happening in some commercial organisations .
LANG_ENG I therefore think that this is an excellent solution .
LANG_ENG I do not know what budget will be necessary if , for political reasons , we do not show a minimum of common sense; I do not know what &apos; domino &apos; effect we shall produce on other agreements that must in any case be renegotiated in 1997 .
LANG_ENG We were accompanied by a neuroscientist who apparently could not decide whether he was from Denver or Leipzig . Three guys in one car along the Autobahn 38 - I felt strong Route 66 vibes coming back .
LANG_ENG What happened next was what I have called an " ironic reversal . "
LANG_ENG At Pohl-Boskamp , the scope of scientific activities performed on medicinal products and medical devices extends far beyond that needed to obtain marketing approval .
LANG_ENG I think Mobutu and his coterie of thugs and gangsters who are running that country , drinking pink champagne while their 44 million people have no education , no schools , no health , no hospitals are a disgrace .
LANG_ENG Allow 2-3 weeks for credit to be processed .
LANG_ENG From the viewpoint of Scotland , the nation which I represent , there are significant issues and challenges for the new Commissioners to address .
LANG_ENG I feel that we need to show our support for those Member States so that they can tackle and minimise the consequences of those natural phenomena .
LANG_ENG Among all accommodations in Bibione , you can find a Bibione hotel where you can spend wonderful holidays with your family .
LANG_ENG The first substantial achievements of the colonial empire stem from the Act for Kingly Title , passed by the Irish parliament in 1541 .
LANG_ENG This is what is difficult .
LANG_ENG That " s why most companies conduct a thorough EHS due diligence assessment before buying a facility or property .
LANG_ENG How to get in touch with us .
LANG_ENG When would you like to stay at the Radisson Blu Resort Beitostølen ?
LANG_ENG Standard Model is Easy Star with a bathroom with shower , toilet and sink and a nice kitchen .
LANG_ENG Europe could be built because in 1946 a Franco-German commission decided to withdraw anti-German phrases from French schoolbooks and anti-French phrases from German schoolbooks .
LANG_ENG Automatic packer &quot; GAMMA-Stick &quot; is intended to fill and pack pof small doses &quot; stick pack &quot; or &quot; tetra pack &quot; ....
LANG_ENG Today , the pressure humanity puts on the planet , its Ecological Footprint , is more than 25 percent greater than the planet &apos;s ability to withstand this pressure .
LANG_ENG The respective infrastructure consists of sensors and actuators which intelligently communicate with the LON Servers , and can be adapted to their specific area of employment .
LANG_ENG It is a vital signpost and an aid to negotiating the Association Agreement between the European Union and the Andean Community at a crucial moment of political and economic change in the region .
LANG_ENG . The Canon PowerShot A650IS further features 18 different shooting modes and is supplied with a 16MB memory card .
LANG_ENG Under &quot; Miss Information &quot; in the assembly instructions for Leviathan:: Atopia Feuerstein sketches our world: &quot; Knowledge becomes money and vice versa , money makes interest only as symbolic knowledge capital .
LANG_ENG On August 28th , we have our club night at Welschenrohr where the Team Landyspass tells about their adventures at the 2009 Super Karpata .
LANG_ENG We call them voluntary migrants - and some of them truly are .
LANG_ENG  (RO) A European strategy on health and safety at work is a welcome initiative on the part of the European Commission .
LANG_ENG Gabapentin was originally approved by the FDA as an antiseizure medication . It is not effective for patients with absence seizures .
LANG_ENG I do not know if she is present , but I would like to pass on my deepest condolences to her .
LANG_ENG  (DE) Madam President , I would like to agree with Mrs Morin-Chartier .
LANG_ENG You can choose Enter , Tab , Space , End or Right .
LANG_ENG I wish the German Foreign Secretary health and strength as he discharges these many responsibilities over the next six months .
LANG_ENG The official sitting your left looked in my direction but did not inform you .
LANG_ENG Submitting your website to over 100 000 directories .
LANG_ENG Heater dealers sell stones that are purposely intended for use as heater stones and which come from well-known suppliers , and whose composition and suitability are guaranteed .
LANG_ENG Our leisure residence Landleben in the popular ski and hiking area Saalbach Hinterglemm in the Salzburger Land is the perfect starting point for various leisure activities .
LANG_ENG I am against protectionism when it comes to gambling and wish your green paper could in fact solve this problem for everybody &apos;s benefit , for the benefit of consumers and national administrations and for the benefit of the principles underlying the European Union .
LANG_ENG They really ought to be taken to court for it .
LANG_ENG The European Union " s involvement in space should cover research in the first instance .
LANG_ENG The liquid chocolate is precisely and reproducibly portioned and poured into reusable plastic molds with the help of a system consisting of pistons and nozzles .
LANG_ENG Unfortunately , however , the Council has given in to the wishes of certain Member States and placed the Convention within - or let it drift into - the intergovernmental sphere .
LANG_ENG , two cards of one rank , two cards of another rank and a kicker of a third rank , such as KK449 .
LANG_ENG Given these figures , I do not think it is fair to ask us to make further sacrifices when there are countries that have increased their fleets .
LANG_ENG The floor is yours , Mrs Wulf-Mathies , if you would like to reply .
LANG_ENG INSURANCE DEPARTMENT Our insurance department offers him (her) the best options to the most competitive prices .
LANG_ENG In my opinion , coming to the aid of needy elderly people throughout Europe is one of the goals which we would be very happy to see achieved over these next five years .
LANG_ENG Before applying the mask clean your face with Organic Lotion Facial Tonic . Apply Mask in a ¼ inch thick layer on your face and neck .
LANG_ENG I disagree with this .
LANG_ENG 15 to 18 and the first round of the European Pro Tour freestyle (EFPT).
LANG_ENG It is therefore an utter mockery to state , as the Council does in its explanatory statement , that Parliament &apos; s arguments and positions have basically been incorporated .
LANG_ENG Creating a competitive and efficient market for bank accounts is a core element in our retail financial services strategy .
LANG_ENG This is the key provision to ensure that not only national interest drives regulatory decisions but that European interest is also taken into account .
LANG_ENG The aim of the role play is to enable the participants to experience different situations through the eyes of the others and thus better understand different attitudes and behavior .
LANG_ENG The forum language is Russian and shall bring all former inahbitants of Leninpol together.There are two further web sites of Leninpol in German language: http: / / www.leninpol.de und http: / / www.leninpol.net .
LANG_ENG You are probably aware that many Member States have not yet implemented many measures set out in the action plan .
LANG_ENG It is hurting the reputation of the country , its citizens and their ambitions for a European future .
LANG_ENG In an era of globalisation , the dilemma that developing nations face is as harsh as it is simple: if we cannot export more and more goods and services , we will end up exporting more and more people .
LANG_ENG And you can build in seats from Nissan Micra with small changes only .
LANG_ENG Their updated list of customers features names like PT05 , Silver Creek and Truth or Dare adding to the international circle of brands such as Phard , Rifle , GF Ferre and Armani Jeans .
LANG_ENG Of course we cannot forget that members of significant parties are being detained or are in exile , such as Severo Moto , the president of the banned Progress Party , who is in exile in Madrid .
LANG_ENG Holidays on the beautiful beach of Porto Santo Our first-time visitors usually say , &quot; Oh , what a wonderful place !
LANG_ENG If the Amsterdam decision has difficulty delivering , i.e. does not deliver the security which the citizens expect , we shall risk losing public support .
LANG_ENG They have a very healthy respect for the European Union but they disagree fundamentally with the way the common agricultural policy operates with regard to all the areas mentioned in relation to food and also in relation to fisheries .
LANG_ENG Today , we need to know many things .
LANG_ENG Genkernel is a kernel toolset that can be used to autodetect your hardware and configure your kernel automatically .
LANG_ENG We have a unique opportunity to reach a common position in the Council of Ministers when the negotiations are resumed .
LANG_ENG I would personally have no problem whatever with the production of necessary documents in the context of budgetary control , or indeed with what is demanded at the end .
LANG_ENG Nonetheless , outstanding issues between Syria and the US would be better resolved using smart diplomacy than smart bombs .
LANG_ENG The value of H1 antihistamines in the treatment of AD is controversary in clinical studies and evidence is still lacking .
LANG_ENG Some colleagues would like to exempt providers of information from these contributions , on the grounds that they would be at a disadvantage compared with other providers outside the Union .
LANG_ENG Explore the village " s narrow cobblestone streets or try your luck at surfing .
LANG_ENG I would like to get an appointment at the Pancreas Center Nordrhein-Westfalen at Bochum .
LANG_ENG You can follow any responses to this article subscribe to the feed RSS 2.0 .
LANG_ENG Savings exist , but they are not invested in the economy for lack of suitable structures .
LANG_ENG This law does not curtail freedom of research either .
LANG_ENG If your hardware clock is not using UTC , you need to add CLOCK = &quot; local &quot; to the file .
LANG_ENG Afflicted by corruption , the law-enforcement authorities are not in a position to prevent the threat of terrorism or to crush organized crime .
LANG_ENG The Elvis Zippo which was released from spain in 2005 , was also one which i got from a friend , and i knew nothing about it before hand .
LANG_ENG People become suspicious and alienated about European cooperation .
LANG_ENG Islamic radicalization and terror need not continue to flourish in the West .
LANG_ENG The Lusaka and Arusha peace accords have failed to end the violence and internal conflict .
LANG_ENG 0 votes &#124; 7 views &#124; 0 com .
LANG_ENG They were prepared to make many compromises , and I am particularly grateful to them for that fact .
LANG_ENG Here , the possibility of implementing the regulation is often restricted .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I am responsible for the recruitment of personnel in the Commission .
LANG_ENG Board: The Ristorante Colonna is located within the resort on the edge of one of the swimming pools .
LANG_ENG Meister , Jan-Christoph , Tom Kindt und Wilhelm Schernus (eds .
LANG_ENG I want to address a second point .
LANG_ENG Since there are many proxies (but not all of them www only), the www-proxy category might be renamed to net-proxy .
LANG_ENG The Hotel Edison , built in 1931 in the same grand Art Deco style as Radio City Music Hall , is situated in one of the most dynamic sections of New York City .
LANG_ENG However , for me it is vital that this directive get the balance right between freedom of movement versus patient safety and accountability .
LANG_ENG Thank you , Commissioner .
LANG_ENG At the same time , we must realise that more pressure is needed .
LANG_ENG The company founder and owner , Mr. Przemyslaw Panas , has been involved with international transportation services since 1990 .
LANG_ENG Finally , I would like to make reference to the third and largest single group of health workers: the family carer .
LANG_ENG The so-called Melchermuas is prepared in mountain huts and served in a traditional cast-iron pan .
LANG_ENG I hope that amendment will be successful when we vote on it tomorrow .
LANG_ENG It is essential that Aung San Suu Kyi has unrestricted freedom of movement and speech .
LANG_ENG Twenty-five years ago , the Body Shop launched cosmetics that were not tested on animals .
LANG_ENG The Stockholm Summit - like the Lisbon Summit - used very ambitious language , language which I find somewhat over the top .
LANG_ENG Breakfast is served from 06: 00 to 09: 30 on weekdays , and from 07: 00 to 10: 00 on weekends and public holidays .
LANG_ENG When we recall what happened in the French and Dutch referendums , it would be better to take account of what the people think about this issue .
LANG_ENG These funny marine mammals bring laughter to the whole family with their great sense of humour .
LANG_ENG This is more or less what I would suggest .
LANG_ENG There were a few specific questions for me .
LANG_ENG It would have been better if he could have stayed longer , and I agree with you on this .
LANG_ENG In Parliament &apos;s report , for example , the Member States are called upon to develop training schemes for national regulatory bodies and civil servants to enable them to become familiar with the Community &apos;s environmental law .
LANG_ENG To get to Baqueira Beret by plane , the closest airports in Spain are Zaragoza (290 km .
LANG_ENG Well , I will not accept that .
LANG_ENG In the past week it has emerged from the Czech Republic that the government has a very ambitious programme , namely that by June 2002 it wants to have met the accession criteria and therefore to regard the accession negotiations as closed .
LANG_ENG Close sightseeings: surrounding look-outs , Prebischtor (famous sandstone bridge), Saxon Switzerland .
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Vedema Resort .
LANG_ENG By means of both reports , the Commission will have access to all the necessary budgetary information .
LANG_ENG It is not enough merely to agree that the USA &apos; s position is unacceptable .
LANG_ENG The possibility that he may run for prime minister in order to prolong his rule when his presidential mandate expires is a logical continuation of this approach .
LANG_ENG When equipped with two speakers , the room in which we listen is not the stage of a stereophonic reproduction; it is only the carrier of two different types of information: the left and the right signals .
LANG_ENG Along the different routes , cyclists can make a stop in a local restaurant and taste the traditional dishes of the Venetian cuisine .
LANG_ENG Our community is continuously growing . At the same time our national and international network is growing , too .
LANG_ENG The first of these is that the largest number of complaints submitted to the Ombudsman relates to the European Commission , the European Personnel Selection Office and the European Parliament .
LANG_ENG It is certainly in order to court mass popularity that Aristide is today demanding reimbursement of this colossal sum , which Haiti was obliged to pay until the twentieth century .
LANG_ENG The same applies to Turkish participation in the tourist-related Interreg , Leader and Philoxena programmes , the specific conditions of which remain to be negotiated .
LANG_ENG I should also say that a few months ago I participated in the replenishment of this Fund in London , and I will not conceal the fact that we were fairly disappointed that participants were somewhat lukewarm , even reserved , about replenishing the Fund .
LANG_ENG to countries in the Western Balkans &apos; where they might face homelessness and discrimination in the areas of education , social protection and employment &apos; .
LANG_ENG  (Applause) It was the people of central and eastern Europe upon whom communist dictatorship was enforced after 1945 .
LANG_ENG # emerge -C app-admin / fam # emerge --oneshot app-admin / gamin It is not necessary to re-merge any software that is built on FAM , as gamin is literally a drop-in replacement .
LANG_ENG Based on specifications , we manufacture prototypes or functioning samples for our customers .
LANG_ENG The great hotel is one of the traditional hotels first class to Copenhagen .
LANG_ENG All tournament dates and conditions you can find on www.wcgc.de .
LANG_ENG UESPA (pronounced &quot; you-spah &quot;) was first mentioned in abbreviated form in TOS: &quot; Charlie X &quot; and the acronym was spelled out in TOS: &quot; Tomorrow is Yesterday &quot; .
LANG_ENG New in Unified Life Sciences Module: The Angelic Design .
LANG_ENG It is not educating politically (it says &quot; we &apos;ll take the lands away from them , &quot; &quot; we &apos;ll expropriate the banks , &quot; without even outlining the minimal necessary conditions for being able to do that).
LANG_ENG The location of the hotel in an exclusive urbanisation ensures an atmosphere for relaxation .
LANG_ENG The team at Voyenmoto.com / Mototour.com / Via Maris Viajes is formed from tourism professionals with more than 25 years experience .
LANG_ENG In the following you see a survey of all euIRC staff members ordered by their functions .
LANG_ENG SPECIAL OFFER FOR FAMILIES IN WINTERTIME 2010 !
LANG_ENG The K Desktop Environment is an easy-to-use desktop environment built around a well thought out application framework to allow for application interoperability , drag n drop and so on .
LANG_ENG Opinions are apparently divided on education controlling .
LANG_ENG She was stopped by Commander Riker , who was forced to kill her to prevent the murder .
LANG_ENG Education has a major part to play in building an equal and integrated society .
LANG_ENG Parking is available for cars and buses in the car park at Na Rychtářce .
LANG_ENG Welcome to the Hotel Bow Garden situated only 100 metres away from the historical centre of the city of Komárno .
LANG_ENG The media and society put women under enormous pressure , making them believe that only the work they carry out as part of their jobs has any value and purpose .
LANG_ENG It is my belief that , in principle , cogeneration can spark a completely new debate on the supply of electricity and energy , especially when we consider the micro-cogeneration plants .
LANG_ENG Again , I would like to thank all colleagues who have been involved in this long , difficult but , hopefully , very fruitful outcome .
LANG_ENG Yesterday afternoon , at Villa Arena Amsterdam , the winners were announced of the public award " Best retail chain in the Netherlands " .
LANG_ENG Secondly , we also want a political debate with Parliament and the Member States in order to draw conclusions from this .
LANG_ENG Furthermore , in 2008 the Commission adopted a project , funded by EUR 1 million , under the 10th European Development Fund , conceived together with the Special Court and the Sierra Leone Government .
LANG_ENG The result: the observed increase of warm years after 1990 is not a statistical accident .
LANG_ENG The second concerns the two-tier labour market found in many Member States , in which some workers enjoy rights and protection , while others are at the mercy of circumstances usually beyond their control .
LANG_ENG Hotel Partner of the certified Hotel Group for the guardianship and promotion of the traditional values and quality services expressed from the small hotels .
LANG_ENG She gets up every morning at 2 am to do her paper round , for 200 euros a month .
LANG_ENG E-ticketing technology appeared in 1996 in the USA . Today it has spread throughout the world .
LANG_ENG Shows and activities throughout the day and at night the fun continues with the show &quot; Night Show &quot; .
LANG_ENG Give us all the information in a balanced manner , then , in full transparency , we can make a political decision for which we are accountable .
LANG_ENG Orlando International Airport is about 20 miles away and Sanford International Airport is about 35 miles from the property .
LANG_ENG In an age of global networking , communicating across language frontiers is becoming ever more important , whether in international politics , in economics , or between friends and family .
LANG_ENG Furthermore , we reserve the right to refuse several requests without giving reasons .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I first wish to join my colleagues in thanking Mr Belet for the wonderful job he has done .
LANG_ENG I think that there is no doubt that much remains to be done , but we have nothing to reproach ourselves for , having made a leap which I would describe as nothing less than spectacular in some sectors .
LANG_ENG On a side , one goes down towards the boiling from the Saint-Lazare Station and great stores , on the other , it is the shaded alley of the boulevard Péreire , towards Levallois-Perret , Neuilly and La Defense .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Gazprom and the Nord Stream consortium have been laying what is known as the Northern Pipeline since 9 April .
LANG_ENG Some are here to try and hang on to what they already have .
LANG_ENG An appropriate Community response to meet these financial needs would be to encourage public-private partnerships , along with financial efforts by the Member State concerned . This would be of great help to the delayed projects and to the trans-European transport networks as a whole .
LANG_ENG prevents any changes to its data when this variable is greater than 0 .
LANG_ENG I produced some designs that they could use when looking for location shoots .
LANG_ENG At the University of Berne , statistics is part of the bachelor and master programs in mathematics .
LANG_ENG The multiple antenna technology allows simultaneously transmission of different data streams over the same radio channel .
LANG_ENG You can get a vector version of the logo here .
LANG_ENG We stress the need to establish a link between this and the European Union &apos;s Danube strategy .
LANG_ENG Each location has its own , but unique , charm .
LANG_ENG The Turkish army of Sultan Suleiman I defeats the Hungarian army of King Louis II , who is killed in the retreat . Suleiman takes Buda , while Archduke Ferdinand of Austria and John Zapolya , Prince of Transylvania , dispute over the succession .
LANG_ENG Our services include maintenance and upkeep , visits , regulation and rental of all property types: villas , houses or apartments .
LANG_ENG Is everyone happy now ?
LANG_ENG The prospect of multiple referenda on the European Union Constitution has dramatically altered the betting on ratification .
LANG_ENG Remember we have 15 different versions of 1-Hand Video Poker , each with a unique pay table .
LANG_ENG The furnishing of the hotel rooms is very rich in terms of technical amenities .
LANG_ENG Because of its modular design , implementing an Innopack CMP begins to pay off even at approx .
LANG_ENG Thus , in the future , we will need to have a research budget that is equal to our ambitions .
LANG_ENG At our PV Investors Conferences , experts impart their forecasts for market development , discuss the state of various technologies and present investment models .
LANG_ENG His paternal aunt , also known as Julia , married Gaius Marius , a talented general and reformer of the Roman army .
LANG_ENG The share of youths who do not undergo / complete formal vocational training has been stagnating at around 15% for approximately ten years now - in other words , at a high level - according to analyses of the Microcensus .
LANG_ENG We should take part in just such a game , as this would benefit Europe .
LANG_ENG If we now put the Copenhagen conference behind us , make a new start and put all our efforts into future measures , then the first thing we need to focus on is EU 2020 .
LANG_ENG Many points are set out , and I would merely add that these initiatives should not be taken at Community level alone .
LANG_ENG We are also pleased to offer suitable leisure and activity programmes , be it a folklore evening or wine tasting .
LANG_ENG I believe that we will be able to overcome any difficulties that may arise when our proposals on increasing confidence in the European digital environment are put into practice .
LANG_ENG It means prices that conform to the market - in other words , lower prices for European companies and in future also for consumers .
LANG_ENG is a good base for the further expansion of the E85 filling station network .
LANG_ENG This Agreement is valid for the entire duration of the membership , or use of the services of HOW TO .
LANG_ENG Riccione attracts large numbers of families too , who flock to the funfairs of the surrounding area , such as the famous &quot; Spina Verde &quot; .
LANG_ENG The most well-known representatives of the &quot; Ticino School &quot; are Luigi Snozzi and Mario Botta .
LANG_ENG Peace and stability is important to allow Tunisia to put in place democratic and transparent elections and effect vital political , economic and social changes .
LANG_ENG Considerations of time - the calendar of events and the course of sportspeople &apos;s lives - have been highlighted in both reports , and I thank the two rapporteurs for emphasising the need to live before , during and after sport and throughout the whole year .
LANG_ENG Purchases of condominiums by foreign individuals come under the jurisdiction of the Condominium Act B.E.
LANG_ENG A legal framework was drafted in Croatia with the cooperation of the Council of Europe , but the changes that have occurred recently in relation to Radio 101 demonstrate that there is still much to be done .
LANG_ENG The Office of Applied Information Technology FORMAT produces computer software since 1991 .
LANG_ENG We must not just keep on talking about it , we must make it a requirement .
LANG_ENG In line with that idea , one of the major objectives of Directive 2004 / 38 / EC was to simplify the administrative formalities attached to the right of residence .
LANG_ENG As far as China is concerned , that is a very interesting point .
LANG_ENG According to IMF projections , of the 119 governments that are shrinking their 2013 budgets (relative to GDP), three-quarters are in developing countries (including 21 low-income and 68 middle-income countries).
LANG_ENG and various accessories in order to be helpful to small-medium buying groups , who would like to have esclusive products without having obligation to purchase too much quantities .
LANG_ENG The political problem is that the second solution cannot yet be sold to German voters , let alone to nationalist fringe parties like France " s National Front and Finland " s True Finns .
LANG_ENG You can choose whether to use the heating or cooling system to maintain your ideal room temperature .
LANG_ENG Our hotel is found only a couple of metres from the bus station and the taxi stop .
LANG_ENG Full container load service - Access frequent departures at competitive rates for full container load (FCL) shipments from major ports around the world .
LANG_ENG It must be said , of course , that the inconsistency of allowing some states to have a transitional period is something we must eliminate in the future and that it is essential for us to act jointly and to have harmonised legislation .
LANG_ENG You must either have a Pay-as-you-go Oyster card , travelcard season ticket , bus saver ticket , bus pass , or have bought a one way ticket from a machine at the bus stop .
LANG_ENG But , now you are saying , if they are not in a position to do this , then .. !
LANG_ENG At the end of the avenue , quite close to the harbour , at Cólon Square , Christopher Columbus " statue points to America .
LANG_ENG Autumn production of solid progress throughout the ...
LANG_ENG IP54 versions and above dust and moisture proof; Military versions can be submerged to a depth of 30 meters .
LANG_ENG A young person who is not subject to temptation can avoid the trap of addiction .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I understand .
LANG_ENG So , well done , my dear Mr Vander Taelen .
LANG_ENG With a network of old 486s and the parents &apos; K6-2 &apos;s , this game provides some nice family networked fun .
LANG_ENG Since then work on the nine corridors has been pursued in the G24 Transport Group as well as in workshops on specific corridors .
LANG_ENG Ne-Yo was immediately enthusiastic about the idea !
LANG_ENG This is not true .
LANG_ENG It is composed of 8 rooms on the ground floor , 4 of which face the sea and another 6 rooms on the first floor , 3 of them face the sea .
LANG_ENG That seems fairly easy to me .
LANG_ENG Independent and democratically-run trade unions and the right to strike should be campaigned for , as well as the release of all political prisoners and detained labour activists .
LANG_ENG author . - (DE) Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the facts are known: there was an attack on the AU peacekeeping force on 30 September; ten soldiers lost their lives , eight were seriously injured , and forty are still missing .
LANG_ENG The water emerges at 525 metres above sea level where precipitation starts and then continues downwards .
LANG_ENG In order to minimise the download volume the documentation is divided into language packs and provided separately from the Cubase 4.5 update .
LANG_ENG I wish to highlight the importance of one of these spaces: economic relations .
LANG_ENG Personal data will only be transfered to banks or credit institutions , as far as it is necessary for the billing .
LANG_ENG We make exclusively use of German components on a high-tec level .
LANG_ENG For lunisolar calendars , the ecliptic was dividied into 27 nakshâtras (Lunar Houses) characterized by certain constellations .
LANG_ENG Gather materials at the information booth about local activities .
LANG_ENG The difference in my country , Finland , is the greatest among all the OECD countries .
LANG_ENG Designed for departmental translation teams and Language Service Providers , SDL Trados Synergy 2006 empowers teams to efficiently manage translation projects and ensure total visibility of all project elements across their entire translation supply chain .
LANG_ENG It is not possible to maintain a negotiating process over a 20-year period .
LANG_ENG Following his appointment as &quot; Chief of the German Police &quot; on June 17 , 1936 , Himmler re-organised the entire police force .
LANG_ENG Other significant aspects are strengthening state-run and private rural service providers and advising national decision-makers in order to create the appropriate framework .
LANG_ENG As you can see , this sentence was not insignificant .
LANG_ENG These countries should have been required to make much more progress before they were offered EU membership , a process that might have taken a good number of years .
LANG_ENG The connection between capsule and shaft is reliable screwed .
LANG_ENG With SATA and PATA interfaces and cache sizes up to 32 MB , this series of drives offer a full range of performance features .
LANG_ENG The 325 foot flight releases a greater level of excitement on the ground .
LANG_ENG As I have said before , we need a strong Europe with a human factor at its centre .
LANG_ENG We pack our roses with several different boxes as shown here .
LANG_ENG I would like to thank Emanuele for his help and welcome in making our visit to Florence a memorable one .
LANG_ENG This will change all publishing; it will probably eliminate bookstores but not books .
LANG_ENG The frequency and duration of sampling can be programmed according to individual needs .
LANG_ENG The 19-acre Loolecondera Estate where Taylor did the first commercial planting of tea became the model for future development of the tea industry in Sri Lanka .
LANG_ENG Our pellet stoves start up and switch off automatically according to the pre-set temperature .
LANG_ENG We are facing yet another episode in the process of the total disintegration of Yugoslavia , and what remains of it .
LANG_ENG Hotel Neapolis is a three stars hotel situated in the heart of the historical centre of Naples , at walking distance from the city &apos;s most ancient and evocative monuments .
LANG_ENG XAMPP Lite (means &quot; light &quot; as in &quot; light-weight &quot;) is a smaller bundle of XAMPP components , which is recommended for quick work using only PHP and MySQL .
LANG_ENG Quite a lot of information here - you &apos;ll need to zoom and pan to find what you neeed !
LANG_ENG Even if your system doesn &apos;t support booting from a CD-ROM , you can use the CD-ROM in conjunction with the other techniques to install your system , once you &apos;ve booted up by other means; see Chapter 5 , Booting the Installation System .
LANG_ENG Much remains to be done and , despite all the policies that we have been pursuing , enormous problems still exist in terms of the production and trafficking of drugs , and in terms of drug use , which continues to hit extremely high levels in all Member States .
LANG_ENG For those seeking information , the contents of the abstract are a major criterion in terms of personal evaluation of the relevance of a publication .
LANG_ENG It is very important that Parliament has a full role in the legislative process in this area .
LANG_ENG We would like to see that taken forward in a realistic and practical way .
LANG_ENG Claims based on any other grounds than a defect in the item itself shall lapse after one year .
LANG_ENG Our Media Relations department will be happy to support you with further information .
LANG_ENG With the local council elections to be held at the end of this month , more women should sit on the local councils .
LANG_ENG Coinciding with the playful aspects of such performative activist praxes , the evocation of desire is of benefit to the configuration of the Umsonst event .
LANG_ENG Sometimes I have a feeling that we are a little hypocritical in the debate because , if we look at national parliaments , many committees are never open .
LANG_ENG Some of you asked or I could do again a shooting with the little truck ?
LANG_ENG The next item is the following oral questions:
LANG_ENG Could we use a best-practice method to identify the budget lines with which we actually do anything substantive to promote sustainable development ?
LANG_ENG Note: The @ -operator works only on expressions .
LANG_ENG The Court of Justice will have to impose exemplary penalties , and only then will we be able once again to think in terms of confidence and of relaunching the consumption of beef and veal .
LANG_ENG Thanks to this requisite , a lot of people go to the spa all year round to make special courses of treatments with a very good medical care .
LANG_ENG Until now it has proven to be problematic to carry out this patterning in a simple way without destroying the electronic properties of the organic material .
LANG_ENG MacroPress minimises the risk of deviations due to the human factor .
LANG_ENG The site will be constantly updated with new Pezzaioli trailers e and oursecond hand trailers .
LANG_ENG The winery has a production capacity of 70,000 liters , 200 oak barrels and an air conditioning system for the ship and the area foster care bottles .
LANG_ENG The EU needs to have a strategic partnership with Russia .
LANG_ENG The visitor learns all about coffee-production and coffee-trade and we show how the coffee bean found its way to the Engadine valley to be roasted in a pure alpine climate .
LANG_ENG Schaeffler Automotive Aftermarket offers a range of approximately 20,000 different products direct from the original equipment manufacturer or in original equipment quality .
LANG_ENG There " s a plethora of possibilities , but as we have neither influence on your knowledge and creativity nor on your luck we are limiting our efforts on protection against possible fical and other creditors in the future .
LANG_ENG Our concept of corporate social responsibility goes beyond our core business .
LANG_ENG I do not think the contents of the collection box is the principal issue .
LANG_ENG Moodle is a learning management system for pr ...
LANG_ENG That is that the achievement on the security front is the primary responsibility of the Iraqis , supported by the internationals of course , but it is the responsibility of the Iraqis .
LANG_ENG The 19th year of the International Music Festival .
LANG_ENG I was able to reassure him , but not in the sense that we would unreservedly submit ourselves to the GPS system .
LANG_ENG In January this year there was an unfortunate case where a man lost his life in this steel factory .
LANG_ENG Payment is usually required 14 days from the date of invoice .
LANG_ENG Whenever a firm chooses to evade , it becomes increasingly difficult to find a vendor willing to engage in legal transactions .
LANG_ENG The proposal on which we are voting today is a revision and extension of the previous Eurovignette Directive and stipulates the tolling rules for roads .
LANG_ENG Oppositions are permitted selectively , but they do not have the normal latitude that is customary in a parliamentary democracy .
LANG_ENG Get notified when davelibby adds new stuff .
LANG_ENG There is cause for acknowledging the Commission &apos;s proposed strategy for aquaculture and for commending the rapporteur , Mr Martin , for his work and his report .
LANG_ENG The Commission stresses the role to be played by regional organisations , for example ECOWAS , in the prevention of conflicts .
LANG_ENG And Kosovo " s Albanian population is clamoring for independence , while Serbia tries to postpone a decision by blocking action in the Security Council .
LANG_ENG Fixed a rare crash bug in the audio code .
LANG_ENG So let me say quite bluntly that , as you have already mentioned , we called for a framework directive .
LANG_ENG We are delighted to continue this partnership and contribute to SillkAir " s expansion in the future , " said Louis Gallois , President and CEO , Airbus .
LANG_ENG Germany " s president had just appointed Adolf Hitler " s radical and aggressive government .
LANG_ENG Here at Europa Casino we are constantly introducing new games , with even-better graphics , animation and themes . So take your tractor for a spin and join the best kind of market action around !
LANG_ENG Part I
LANG_ENG I visited this hotel already second time and my comments is shortly = all the best = in all respects ......... recomended .
LANG_ENG In the light of this experience , I am not optimistic about the results of any future action that the European Commission is likely to take .
LANG_ENG It is no surprise that the rapporteur gives priority to the first function , in the name of the virtues of international trade , and underestimates the other two .
LANG_ENG The collection authority shall automatically expire in case of default in payment or suspension of payment on the part of the Buyer .
LANG_ENG Right in the center in an open court yard .
LANG_ENG Then I concerned myself on learning the characters again in German .
LANG_ENG Designed to help you cut a fine figure even in everyday life .
LANG_ENG 1 , 2 y 3 bedroom flats now available on Carretera de los Motores , in El Parador , Roquetas de Mar .
LANG_ENG Any agreement on data transfer should recognise this right .
LANG_ENG Numerous children who came under fire have been psychologically traumatised and require urgent help to prevent or reduce the psychological after-effects such as post-traumatic stress , Friends of Waldorf Education says .
LANG_ENG Mamadou has performed in some of the most prestigious institutions ranging from the United Nations to the Smithsonian in Washington DC .
LANG_ENG How do you act with infectious joy when it " s easier to be paralysed by despair ?
LANG_ENG of space and offers enough room for 800 people .
LANG_ENG Endian designed the Mini to be easy to deploy and manage , providing an intuitive Web-based user interface to access all the integrated features .
LANG_ENG When the ship crashed , it was on a planet where a Jem &apos;Hadar ship had previously crashed .
LANG_ENG Guests enjoy free wireless internet in the public areas of the ACHAT .
LANG_ENG Pan-European orders for the disclosure and freezing of fraudsters &apos; assets are critical , because currently the fraudsters walk away while the victims lose out and face expensive legal bills .
LANG_ENG Today , the roulette wheel is perhaps the best internationally recognized icon symbolizing the glamour , excitement and prestige of high-class casino gaming .
LANG_ENG Could I in addition say that it appears the scientists are not listening to each other when arriving at their grand conclusions .
LANG_ENG These studies have been on the table since the middle of this year .
LANG_ENG Only 500 copies of the facsimile and its commentary volume have been produced .
LANG_ENG The quality of breathing air is largely based on the purification systems and the design of the compressor block .
LANG_ENG For example , the rapporteur , Mr Ransdorf , wants Parliament to establish that nanotechnologies ought to be geared to the development of hydrogen energy .
LANG_ENG The Falkland Islands is an associated territory to the Union and the rule of law would apply .
LANG_ENG This is a matter that concerns the public , the peoples of Europe .
LANG_ENG All 34 rooms are equipped with private services , air conditioning , direct dial telephone and satellite TV (CNN and other international channels are available).
LANG_ENG Most likely , he would have done worse .
LANG_ENG If confidence in the market is weak , every trace of doubt has direct consequences for those countries that already find themselves in difficult circumstances and thus , for the euro as a whole .
LANG_ENG In fact , from the beginning , we considered the development of European research infrastructures to be one of the pillars of the European Research Area .
LANG_ENG Our key ring pendants as the " USB-tube &apos;s " are mainly manufactured from used racing bike tubes and they are as all our products handmade .
LANG_ENG Years ago , I was having dinner with the late President Gerald Ford in the United States and he was describing to me how the G7 came about .
LANG_ENG Website of the fair: www.solutionslinux.fr , Village associations , SliTaz Stand .
LANG_ENG I believe Europe has to get involved here , and we are well on the way to doing so , and then Americans within the United States - not necessarily through their government - will be given a positive stimulus to move forward too .
LANG_ENG Mr President , on 15 October 1990 the Council adopted Directive 90 / 539 / EEC on animal health conditions governing intra-Community trade in , and imports from third countries of , poultry and hatching eggs .
LANG_ENG ), have copies of it to attach to the e-mail or mail it to us .
LANG_ENG We should use the time that the Heads of State or Government have given us to consider what the European agenda should be and how much money it will cost to fulfil - and this financial framework should then be made available .
LANG_ENG The associated countries of the Maghreb , who have concluded an agreement with the European Union , do not figure amongst the countries stated .
LANG_ENG Only Z Corporation " s 3D printers are capable of printing in multiple colors .
LANG_ENG Gentoo is made up of 277 active developers , of which 47 are currently away .
LANG_ENG This Sunday , the choir will provide fans the first half of the concert of Yves Duteil Forum .
LANG_ENG Ai mana , it seems it was only set up the pool for the sun to send !
LANG_ENG I therefore am not able to accept Amendment No 4 .
LANG_ENG 18 But it came to pass that Mosiah caused that they should be taught in his a language .
LANG_ENG This report is unrealistic and fundamentally flawed .
LANG_ENG That is part of the new transatlantic agenda .
LANG_ENG Study and learn Italian in Tuscany at the school Il Sasso in Montepulciano .
LANG_ENG A variety of other companies are taking different approaches , but all of them have the same goal - to motivate people to engage in healthy behavior .
LANG_ENG The amendment which we have proposed , and which was tabled on behalf of my group , can really only be understood from this perspective .
LANG_ENG If you have already licensed the Home- or Business-Edition and would like to download the latest version please click here .
LANG_ENG It emphasises solutions that translate into concrete competitive advantages and factors of success .
LANG_ENG 0 votes &#124; 5 views &#124; 0 com .
LANG_ENG I do not intend to answer all the questions posed .
LANG_ENG You can also contact us via email at info @ adesso-group.de if you do not find the requested content on this site .
LANG_ENG The whole approach of the common asylum policy is integral to the work of our committee and we are very much committed to it .
LANG_ENG If we were to do so I suspect we would have to change the timing of urgencies because no Member State would be able to field a minister at this time on a Thursday .
LANG_ENG During these moments the size of the performance space could be felt .
LANG_ENG As software that transforms raw data to relevant analytical information is on high demand in diverse industries , IBM Cognos Business Intelligence serves banking , insurance , public , healthcare , power supply , manufacturing , retail trade , communication , logistic , transport , and other sectors .
LANG_ENG These companies are panicking because their plan to foist their tampered food products on the public in secret has been exposed .
LANG_ENG Despite all doubts which we still have , we have arrived at the conclusion that we shall vote for the report , and that is a compliment to Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi for her hard work and also her readiness to accept our criticisms .
LANG_ENG In its new series Wide Angle , Touteleurope.fr will interview each month a different expert , politician , historian or artist about a topical european issue .
LANG_ENG This makes it a key report for a strategic sector for the European Union .
LANG_ENG EADS " contributions come in different forms; they include sponsorships , donations , or partnerships .
LANG_ENG Certificate of insolvency insurance which includes an additional travel resignation insurance .
LANG_ENG  (It &apos;s nearly impossible to explain the details to anyone who hasn &apos;t been an American financial regulator or a lawyer .) 
LANG_ENG Mr President , it would be most interesting if we could compare the vote on the report by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and the alternative motions for resolutions by 40 members and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe group .
LANG_ENG However , this involves a decisive step against the United States .
LANG_ENG Right now that were materializing your efforts to &quot; memory &quot; .
LANG_ENG I believe it should be followed by other institutions .
LANG_ENG For those travelling alone or with their families , Hotel Ambassador organises special &quot; Relax &quot; programs to the &quot; L &apos;Oasi di Riccione &quot; centre where you can combine company meetings with pleasurable and wellness moments .
LANG_ENG I would like to inform you that on the 29th in our committee we will have a wide-ranging audience with the sector affected by this fisheries agreement with Morocco and the participation of the European Commission would also be desirable .
LANG_ENG Portuguese companies , and in particular SMEs , will be the main beneficiaries .
LANG_ENG But Sunnis and Shi " a are now killing one another in increasing numbers , and the new aggressiveness of US forces will make compromise all but impossible .
LANG_ENG We have no job vacancies available at this time .
LANG_ENG A Communard newspaper once stated: " Every citizen is a soldier " .
LANG_ENG Its scenic location and its proximity to Maho and Simpson Bay did not leave investors hesitant for very long .
LANG_ENG The Heroic difficulty option will only be available in the new non-raid dungeons introduced with the Burning Crusade .
LANG_ENG It is a farmhouse , completely renovated , even partially rebuilt !
LANG_ENG The European Union should not preach to the converted; instead , it should take a closer look at the United States , for example , to see how the extraction of shale gas has already revolutionised the energy market there .
LANG_ENG iBank access to your account is only possible once you have authenticated yourself using the correct username and password .
LANG_ENG  (* *) Luggage and airway bike transport boxes can be hold on demand . Please ask .
LANG_ENG I think it is justifiable , here and now , to ask them to do the same .
LANG_ENG They have had enough of violence and want to live together peaceably in two viable states , whose continued existence in the region is guaranteed .
LANG_ENG As a Platinum Partner you receive the full and complete support from balesio &apos;s PartnerGROWTH !
LANG_ENG Therefore , I understand that interest should be levied on traders who effectively use unauthorised credit in their deferment accounts as part of release for free circulation operations .
LANG_ENG The debate is closed .
LANG_ENG The guidebook written by the Ombudsman serves the same purpose .
LANG_ENG Contains the number of command line parameters passed to the script (if run on the command line).
LANG_ENG The answers we are currently getting from the Israeli media are not adequate .
LANG_ENG 167 O ye people ! Eat of what is on earth , lawful and good; and do not follow the footsteps of the Satan , for he is to you an avowed enemy .
LANG_ENG The issue mentioned by the honourable Member was raised in the convergence report adopted by the Commission on 22 May 2002 and also in section 6.2 of the convergence report by the European Central Bank of 2002 .
LANG_ENG Free Buttons Online button collection with all graphic elements you need to create great looking Web sites .
LANG_ENG Even at the lower estimate , the consequences of climate change could be severe in several parts of the world , including an increase in water stress , serious effects on ecosystems and food security , and threats to life and property as a result of coastal flooding .
LANG_ENG Lately some graph has published a new image of an iPhone possibbili new generation , it was always made based on the MacBook .
LANG_ENG The Eurostars Grand Marina is also the perfect scenario for business meetings , as well as for weddings , banquets and all kinds of social events with which to surprise and dazzle one " s guests .
LANG_ENG Robert Zhang Le already has a few collaborators but could equally use additional help .
LANG_ENG The codicil to the summit communiqué was created to address these concerns .
LANG_ENG If tomorrow oil is 175 dollars per barrel , will we be able to continue , without saying anything , to collect 20% tax on rocketing oil prices ?
LANG_ENG Louise BAT trail winner brake in MBUK Feb. issue !
LANG_ENG The Swedish authorities have used their own analysis method , known as the Nordic method , whereas the other Member States use the ISO method for checks in the country of origin , as stipulated in the EU regulations .
LANG_ENG The Commission has proposed an exchange of information on methods for charting and rehabilitating these facilities .
LANG_ENG The neutral pH , 160 gsm paper is uncoated and was developed exclusively for this facsimile .
LANG_ENG Above all , they are taking political control of the country , whilst forcing the Greeks to regress decades in social terms .
LANG_ENG To my mind , the greatest inadequacy of the Council &apos;s common position is the lack of sufficient control in implementing the indicative limit values .
LANG_ENG This clearly would put an end to rivalry and it would contrast the belief that every single person regards him / herself to be more important and talented than the rest .
LANG_ENG The rules for mobilising this fund need to be adapted to allow more flexible and timely mobilisation , addressing a wider range of disasters with significant impacts and reducing the time that elapses between the disaster and the point at which the funds are made available .
LANG_ENG I therefore hope that we can deal with this question in these two minutes , with Mr Verheugen &apos;s customary brevity and Mrs Eriksson &apos;s help . Mrs Eriksson has taken this question over from Mr Seppänen , in accordance with the Rules .
LANG_ENG Also in this opinion we pointed out the need for express reference to be made to &apos; micro-undertakings &apos; , nonindustrial companies and the peripheral and ultra-peripheral regions , where there should be a better network of financial institutions in order to cover the whole of the Community territory .
LANG_ENG 25 . Hill and mountain farming (
LANG_ENG Would you like to receive a notification email when someone posts a reply to this message ?
LANG_ENG North Wales Castles - UNESCO World Heritage site , built in the decades after the invasion or conquest of Wales by England in the thirteenth century .
LANG_ENG Sochi is located on the coast of the Black Sea just 20 miles from the border of the Russian Federation and Abkhazia , and therefore in close proximity to a zone of conflict .
LANG_ENG We should not go down this road .
LANG_ENG We hope that its oil does not end up being a curse for the people of Southern Sudan , as it was for the people of Iraq and other nations .
LANG_ENG It lies just outside the elegant Plaza Mayor .
LANG_ENG For the Community this will be done in conformity with Article 228 of the Treaty , that is after consultation of this Parliament by the Council .
LANG_ENG The beds were a little uncomfortable and it wouldve been good if the breakfast included something savoury - like ham or cheese .
LANG_ENG They represent from left to right: the Italian-speaking Tessin , the German-speaking part of Switzerland , the Romansch-speaking area and the French-speaking part .
LANG_ENG Marco Melandri ' s difficulties from 2008 have changed with a switch in bike , with the lack of rear feeling that he experienced with the Ducati Desmosedici GP8 mimicked by the front end of the Kawasaki Ninja ZX-RR .
LANG_ENG The lax regimes on Russia " s borders with the former Soviet republics of Central Asia facilitate the smuggling of narcotics and other contraband .
LANG_ENG &quot; Projects by country &quot; takes you to the project lists on the country pages in the &quot; GTZ worldwide &quot; section .
LANG_ENG First , my wife , June , and I visited Rotarians in Guayaquil , Ecuador , where we went to the Ciudadela Rotaria Río Guayas , which is part of Homes of Hope , a Rotary club and district project that provides houses and other resources to the area .
LANG_ENG The Community &apos;s Solidarity Fund is a sound and valuable financial management tool .
LANG_ENG Although action on our part is necessary , it has to be taken in consultation with all interested parties if it is to be effective .
LANG_ENG on 1 February 2010 , the number of mt-g qualified translators exceeded 900 .
LANG_ENG Liberation 3rd psychosomatically those animals recovered after preparation to enter a natural habitat .
LANG_ENG Italy is a problem child in this regard .
LANG_ENG The rigid XION endoscopes have been the basis of arthroscopic workplaces for years . Excellent wide-angle endoscopes produce bright , high-contrast images with highest detail resolution throughout the field of view .
LANG_ENG Together with its affiliated company in Jena , Optics Balzers is one of the global leaders in the supply of optical coatings and components .
LANG_ENG We can share most of the excellent intentions of Mr Burtone , but I am afraid that they will remain mere empty words as long as we do not fundamentally question the logic of the prohibition policy .
LANG_ENG Budapest got the name of City of Spas in the 1930s as the capital owing the most healing thermal springs in the world .
LANG_ENG Mrs Sierra González asked about the possibility of granting refugee status to a person who has suffered sexual abuse , or who might risk such abuse if deported .
LANG_ENG In this respect , full and rapid implementation of Resolution 1559 is of course a key priority .
LANG_ENG Considerations regarding innovation , development of human resources , regional cohesion and demographic challenges now come into the picture .
LANG_ENG Analytik Jena " s social responsibility does not end with the offer of flexible working times and all-day childcare for the staff .
LANG_ENG You can select multiple documents , being able to send these as separate pages at the same target at once .
LANG_ENG The air is thin with little oxygen .
LANG_ENG Create your setting intuitively , using the multiple tools available: wall and floor tile series as well as furniture for bathrooms , kitchens , living rooms , bedrooms and offices .
LANG_ENG XL World is one of the largest outsourcers from Emerging Europe , providing a Contact Center and BPO services locally and worldwide.We operate three service centers in Romania and one in Albania .
LANG_ENG Those are fine words , but what is to happen in practice ?
LANG_ENG We can show you how Adarvo can support you in your actual , personal , daily work on your PC !
LANG_ENG We must not confine ourselves to a compensation fund for damage caused by oil pollution , as we were tragically reminded by the shipwreck of the Ievoli Sun off the coasts of Brittany .
LANG_ENG The work is well- structured , with a clear research question and answer , explaining a common , everyday material found all over the world .
LANG_ENG When would you like to stay at the Business Hotel Waldhorn ?
LANG_ENG I say to Commissioner Byrne: be careful .
LANG_ENG Competition policy has to be seen as part of the whole of the economy and it must be assessed with reference to trade policy and non-material rights: we should not just be emphasising its social dimension .
LANG_ENG is pressed , the Image Window shows only enabled elements of a light effect (with activated checkboxes on the left).
LANG_ENG Group version Online system dedicated to information sharing and distribution (companies , organisations , etc .), the virtual office is available immediately without any investment .
LANG_ENG I feel that we must approach the debate on illiteracy , or rather the problem itself , with great vigour , taking this approach and with these goals before us .
LANG_ENG In such cases , the guest has no right to further claims or compensation .
LANG_ENG The Warta wetland (Warthe Bruch) was flooded by both rivers and o riparian forest grew in the area .
LANG_ENG  (IT) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I have of course voted in favour of this resolution , because I believe all the Member States need to make a greater effort in the fight against endemic diseases .
LANG_ENG We have also added new forums for the German , English , and Spanish grammar .
LANG_ENG Nevertheless , I consider it right and proper , because the impression might otherwise be created that , when we conclude the treaties with the candidate countries in 2002 - and I hope there will be ten of these treaties - everything will have been done and dusted .
LANG_ENG Who has only one week in which to do it ?
LANG_ENG The completely translated text is brought together again with the layout information during export .
LANG_ENG We , Tenuta Quarrata , we decided to propose to the ladies who want to visit during the month of March a special weekend , arriving Friday , a welcome drink , dinner in Tuscany .
LANG_ENG With the click of a mouse , they can see the original texts we discuss in this House .
LANG_ENG I urge President Papadopoulos to fulfil his part of the deal now .
LANG_ENG For example , we now have " synthetic biology " to describe a hybrid of biology and chemical engineering in which scientists create biological systems that are not found in nature .
LANG_ENG There were children who were being bred specifically to be put into an institution from which they were subsequently sold to people coming into that country to buy babies .
LANG_ENG We would first like to ask you for some information that we will need to properly analyse your data .
LANG_ENG It embarked on the newfound chemistry of Aaliyah and Timbaland .
LANG_ENG Both the Committee on Fisheries and the legal services pointed out this anomaly from the outset .
LANG_ENG Secondly , the crucial part of the Charter &apos;s agenda is about promoting the EU &apos;s permanent expansion .
LANG_ENG We all know the picture .
LANG_ENG  (RO) The 2011 budget must take into account the European Union &apos;s new powers , as well as the consequences of the economic and financial crisis .
LANG_ENG You will steer your dog team and sled through vast unspoilt national parks and nature preserves , through deep forests and bizarre landscapes forming an fairytale-like scenery and over treeless plateaus and hilltops where you can enjoy the unique tranquillity and some fantastic views .
LANG_ENG What is the relationship between sibling sexual abuse and other forms of abuse ?
LANG_ENG Being a racing driver , motorsport journalist , celebrity speaker and driver coach , he is one of Asia &apos;s best known motorsport personalities .
LANG_ENG We should have learnt as much from the Arafat precedent !
LANG_ENG I made no calls during my 2 day stay .
LANG_ENG We must , however , move in a new direction .
LANG_ENG In 1994 , advertising executive Thomas J Mosser was killed by another mail bomb sent to his North Caldwell , New Jersey home .
LANG_ENG I salute the work of people like Mr Salam Fayyad , who has bravely tried to ensure that Palestine has a decent and transparent government .
LANG_ENG Private transport: If you have a private car and need a map to help you get to the hotel , click here .
LANG_ENG Dominique Pasquier: When recounting these tales , that I have been driven to learn by heart , I try to give them the original truculence associated with telling , not reading , a story .
LANG_ENG It is regrettable that there is such a mad rush to finalise this by May .
LANG_ENG 7-oxo-DHEA , 7alpha-OH-DHEA , and 7beta-OH-DHEA all also increase the liver content of the thermogenic enzymes mitochondrial sn-glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase and cytosolic malic enzyme , and all to a greater extent than DHEA .
LANG_ENG All religion Wedding receptions can take place at our Open Air Pools or Beach !
LANG_ENG Europe " s Troublesome Neighbors
LANG_ENG The site is big enough to fill an afternoon and contains a wonderful selection of animals (about 143 species), including large mammals like elephants , giraffes , sea lions and the extremely rare white tigers .
LANG_ENG More than 40 interfaces to manufacturers and external providers ensure the maximum integration of business processes .
LANG_ENG To enlighten with its own light .
LANG_ENG Reiser4 is not available from any kernel offered by the Gentoo Kernel project , thus neither AMD64 team supports it .
LANG_ENG Worse still: this Regulation will make it difficult to provide really prompt and effective aid .
LANG_ENG Tommi followed up my tournament report with his own that got published yesterday .
LANG_ENG I believe that this new criterion makes no sense and is not in accordance with the objective of the future Food Authority which is , above all , health and consumer protection .
LANG_ENG If you want to share us what you think reactions .
LANG_ENG The Staff where helpful , the room was well apointed .
LANG_ENG Here you will find a large and sophisticated gay scene .
LANG_ENG Sometime it seemed to be not enough for our host family and we had to try national dishes like &quot; Borscht &quot; (cabbage soup) or &quot; Gretschka &quot; (millet).
LANG_ENG The next item is the short presentation of the report by Hella Ranner , on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism , on penalties for serious infringements against the social rules in road transport .
LANG_ENG And our service is not going to cost you a penny. ehotel - we search worldwide on your behalf , with proven success .
LANG_ENG driver: included to provide support for Areca RAID controllers .
LANG_ENG If the Union also wants to play a significant role in the promotion of human rights worldwide , however , it is essential that it develops a coherent foreign policy , to which all Member States should make a determined contribution .
LANG_ENG This has come to nothing , however .
LANG_ENG Johannes Handle got 7th , followed by Samy Kahn .
LANG_ENG Please see Q: 4.4 for the version of Qt ™ you need .
LANG_ENG The administrative limits (communes , counties , international border) have been revised .
LANG_ENG A simple accident would be sufficient to give the biotech industry a bad name and lead to a crisis . We must avoid that by putting the appropriate safety measures in place .
LANG_ENG Rappresentanti di organizzazioni cattoliche di donne di 25 Paesi hanno espresso al Segretario Generale dell &apos;ONU il proprio rifiuto della convenzione dell &apos;organismo internazionale contro la discriminazione femminile .
LANG_ENG Turkmenistan , a republic in Central Asia , is blessed with generous oil and gas reserves .
LANG_ENG With EnterpriseMetasearch ® , you can search multiple user-defined data sources simultaneously from a single search box (federated search).
LANG_ENG Soak up the sunshine and enjoy a round on the 18-hole golf course that faces towards the sea . Alternatively , you can cool off in the Elba " s fresh-water pool or enjoy a game of tennis with friends .
LANG_ENG We offer you a 15% discount over the best rate available .
LANG_ENG An open pine staircase leads you into the spacious bedroom offering views over the typical roofs and over blue sky .
LANG_ENG Sending money to some countries is now allowed only through formal banking channels , and this has created virtual monopolies while also preventing remittance money from reaching rural areas where banks don " t operate .
LANG_ENG Time for a short overview of the foundations , the most important milestones and new challenges .
LANG_ENG The performances are held in the open and in Old Town of the City of Krk , in historical buildings such as are Town Cathedral , Francopan Castle and Franciscan monastery .
LANG_ENG  (1) 
LANG_ENG I believe that this position is closer to the Commission &apos;s proposals and the position of this House and I believe that it should help to define a common position on the whole subject .
LANG_ENG In Spring and Autumn the temperatures are much more bearable; these are the best times to visit . During these periods you will find warm sunny days with very little rainfall .
LANG_ENG While there , they unwittingly revealed their son &apos;s genetic background to Zimmerman , who in turn would report his findings to &#91; &#91; Starfleet &#93; &#93; .
LANG_ENG If a tournament is cancelled before it starts , all players who have registered will be refunded their buy-in and fee for that tournament .
LANG_ENG The idea is not worship or idolize anyone , just share examples of good-excellent-I would say creativity .
LANG_ENG Artist Gabrijela Osbich trained at the regional School of pottery of Gradisca d &apos;Isonzo (Gorizia) and works at her workshop - home of S.Antonio in Bosco (Boršt).
LANG_ENG Relating to Tuesday: President .
LANG_ENG In 2005 S &amp; T Slovakia launched the integrated information system for registration of manufacturers importers and exporters of plant products within Slovak Republic .
LANG_ENG Litorina Folk High School is about 5 km from the centre of Karlskrona , beautifully situated in Gullberna Park , a stone &apos;s throw away from the Baltic shore .
LANG_ENG Furthermore , the agreement will promote the mobility of students and researchers from higher education .
LANG_ENG Sociopolitical factors are also brought into play , in order to make tangible for the reader just how radical this art movement was .
LANG_ENG Voltaire &apos;s library is preserved intact in the Russian National Library , St Petersburg .
LANG_ENG What is the Dollar " s Sustainable Value ?
LANG_ENG Madam President , I must emphasize here the importance of this report by Mr Kittelmann , who has successfully combined a wide variety of issues into one homogeneous vision .
LANG_ENG I should like to point out to the Commissioner that the European Parliament ought to have been consulted on this matter , and that did not happen .
LANG_ENG This is a misleading term , since it portrays as exotic holidays what are really trips abroad to abuse children .
LANG_ENG SkyTest ® Preparation Software for Swiss and Cargolux Screenings: This package includes 28 modules to prepare for stage 1 , 2 and 3 of the Swiss screening and the Cargolux screening .
LANG_ENG Paragraph 3 of the resolution states that the EU " s budget must be increased if the objectives of the Lisbon Strategy are to be achieved .
LANG_ENG They do not have to go through the instance looking for their body .
LANG_ENG Decide for yourself which is the right one for your needs .
LANG_ENG Title III is dedicated to control measures .
LANG_ENG The Tudor Bar is the oldest part of the building &amp; is simply unique . Oak beamed walls &amp; a glorious log fire in the centre , creating a warm &amp; friendly atmosphere .
LANG_ENG Ladies and gentlemen , I would like to highlight two reports .
LANG_ENG The city can look back on a successful exhibition period of 7 weeks with many events , unforgettable moments and hundreds of thousands of enthusiastic visitors .
LANG_ENG Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I shall try to be brief .
LANG_ENG Is flexiPERM supplied with a lid ?
LANG_ENG It deals with improving the exchange of information and avoiding overlapping between various activities for cooperation .
LANG_ENG Somehow we must end this transfer of valuable protein .
LANG_ENG We expect the European Commission to put forward real proposals both for a system to counteract the consequences of natural disasters and for providing aid for countries and people who have suffered as a result of such disasters .
LANG_ENG But I do urge all colleagues to support this request by the Committee on Budgets .
LANG_ENG It is up to us to decide whether we do so via segregation or assistance .
LANG_ENG The Madrid-Barajas Airport is 15 minutes drive from the hotel and the nearest metro station is Cuzco (line 10), a few steps away from the hotel entrance .
LANG_ENG - Mr President , questions of immunity ought to be dealt with either by the immunity committee or by the whole House .
LANG_ENG We think this tax mechanism will encourage reluctant Member States to adopt higher standards of animal welfare , and we urge the Council and Commission to consider this proposal closely .
LANG_ENG Numerous fine dishes for serving food and drink and bones from goat and sheep hams , witness of ritual feasts that were held here .
LANG_ENG = Single-rooms with facilities and kitchenette for 2 beds; SINGLE-ROOM A3P .
LANG_ENG Download a Mandala onto your PC . Thereafter , you can either print it out and colour it in with colouring pencils or you can load it into a graphic programme and fill out the white areas with various colours .
LANG_ENG Download the latest version of the Howden Cooling Fan selection software .
LANG_ENG - Report: Pirker
LANG_ENG It turns out that the behavior of collections of many particles , like atoms , is somewhat more predictable than its parts .
LANG_ENG There is a wide choice of coffee and sandwich bars available in the area .
LANG_ENG But this won " t be the last answer , although for the time being it will drive corporate restructuring and the managerial mind .
LANG_ENG How can we get hold of the perpetrators ?
LANG_ENG So ... there are a secret admirer ...
LANG_ENG There are in total 240 apartments / studios on 5 floors .
LANG_ENG The Country House was born from a medieval hamlet situated in the Umbria-Marches Apennines on the territory of Piobbico , close to charming localities like Urbino , Acqualagna and San Marino .
LANG_ENG Passengers need to know exactly what the charge covers , nor should they have to pay special national charges or pay extra for airlines .
LANG_ENG Tip: Due to huge list of &quot; ... online shopping ... &quot; related keyword pages listed on this page , use the &quot; Find in Page &quot; function below .
LANG_ENG Don " t let your tennis shoes get covered with dust: take them with you ! Next to the hotel you will find two tennis courts which can be booked on-site .
LANG_ENG However , this should be done in accordance with certain principles , not least those set out in the Chemicals Strategy .
LANG_ENG The chairman of LBBW " s board of managing directors , Hans-Jörg Vetter , said: " Extensive and hard work lies ahead of us .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I am new to this Parliament .
LANG_ENG My most burning question is , however , why is Turkey doing this; surely there must be some underlying belief ?
LANG_ENG that was quite a downer for the whole prakesh crew. the band needed a break after those strenuous experiences .
LANG_ENG I also object to the deals which have been struck at the last minute behind closed doors resulting in a compromise package which seriously weakens the provisions for must-carry services and for people with special needs and disabilities .
LANG_ENG This means we have to devise a strategy for sustainable growth and job creation that will be able to revitalise the Union .
LANG_ENG The compromise is not really a success for the European Parliament .
LANG_ENG It is evident that the unanimity rule in the Council blocks progress , prevents or impedes European solutions and strengthens particularism .
LANG_ENG The strong choirs of the Theater of La Scala had to be made 100 voices stronger .
LANG_ENG Next night , fry and vodka booze are only those who are in the boarding house sleeps .
LANG_ENG In 2009 the &quot; BROWN HELMET &quot; awarded by the Polish Chamber of the Building Industry and Commerce was another distinction for INTEGRO-MOSKITO outdoor blind .
LANG_ENG It is one of the most delicate issues , because Parliament too needs to be fully and actively involved .
LANG_ENG I would insist that the Commission has no problem but that we need the agreement of the States in question .
LANG_ENG The geneticist Arik Soong believed Augments like Khan could be created without exhibiting his more vicious instincts . Soong &apos;s &quot; children &quot; , created from augment embryos stolen in 2134 , failed to live up to the hopes of their &quot; father &quot; .
LANG_ENG You profit every month from brilliant t-shirts for reduced prices !
LANG_ENG There is additional non-personal information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by the adckrone.com / en / site , this information can include: your IP address , browser type , domain names , access times and referring website addresses .
LANG_ENG What measures does it plan to adopt in order to ban this practice , at least for high-quality wines ?
LANG_ENG For the purpose of this Privacy Policy , " personal information " means information about an identifiable individual .
LANG_ENG Children up to 12 years of age are free of charge when sharing the parents " room: children from 12 to 16 are given a 50% discount on all prices .
LANG_ENG Relations with the Islamic world , in which Europe must follow a path of dialogue and partnership , will be marked by the image that we portray in this region .
LANG_ENG The allocation depends on the costs of the ship (mooring , maintenance etc .) and your portion of the charter .
LANG_ENG However , Mr President , we need to decode the message from the factors supporting the &apos; no &apos; vote .
LANG_ENG The Member States must be responsible for seeing to it that the public institutions have sufficient resources available to them .
LANG_ENG This means that it should remain possible to use the term wine to designate fruit wines .
LANG_ENG This stone allows reproduction of all details of the original situation and the fabrication of highly accurate dentures .
LANG_ENG The turnover of the top multinational corporations is higher than the combined total of the budgets of the UN Member States .
LANG_ENG helios meets in Kopenhagen the agency velo: konzept .
LANG_ENG I would like to go on record as saying that this , in my view , is the first serious attempt in a long time to take up the challenge of the need for change .
LANG_ENG The location to all places of interest during my stay along with the staff being very friendly and helpful .
LANG_ENG The point is that there is still a voting session tonight and tomorrow morning .
LANG_ENG Home carers are commonly lifting , living on little sleep , impoverished by the cost of caring , dealing with challenging and sometimes erratic behaviour .
LANG_ENG For the vast majority of Free Software it is the copyright license that determines whether a particular program is indeed Free Software .
LANG_ENG Last year , Serbia took major steps towards integration in many respects , which the report takes account of as well , and thus I would like to mention only a few points .
LANG_ENG • An extensive system of waterways that links all the lakes and historical locations .
LANG_ENG Is this right or have I misunderstood ?
LANG_ENG These people also decide on the fate of the people of this continent .
LANG_ENG Our lab is interested in understanding the signalling pathways that control two important cellular processes - cell growth and metabolism . These two processes are tightly linked because cellular growth is energetically very expensive and therefore metabolically significant .
LANG_ENG However , it reflects a very different tradition of political thinking from that in my own country .
LANG_ENG I think Lars Danielsson is doing what is known as a Dinkelspiel , i.e. he appears to be answering the question , but is avoiding giving a proper answer .
LANG_ENG No .
LANG_ENG The EU is the largest importer of agricultural produce from developing countries , and imports more than the US , Japan , Canada , Australia and New Zealand taken together .
LANG_ENG Our workshops prepare you to use our machines effectively and our technical service never leaves you on your own with your questions .
LANG_ENG The services market offers marvellous opportunities to many , and innovative and quality jobs can be created in the services sector .
LANG_ENG There is no money for the fund .
LANG_ENG Statistical uses include what is known as a clickstream analysis: this allows ESYLUX GmbH to analyse user behaviour on its web pages .
LANG_ENG This is money which in fact , in line with the far-sighted way of handling money which Parliament has used hitherto , we should have spent on early repayments on Parliament &apos;s own properties .
LANG_ENG As Ash suggests , there is a strong ethical case for saying that it is wrong for leaders to give absolute priority to the interests of their own citizens .
LANG_ENG Lars Chriss says: &quot; We are extremely proud and honored to be a part of such a great label as AFM Records .
LANG_ENG the end , Laura del Grande Fratello 9 admitted his affair with Marco Balestri .
LANG_ENG See Fireland &apos;s innumerable islands , where the fascinating history and varied cultures of this sparsely populated area merge with the completely unspoilt landscapes , making this sailing trip an unforgettable adventure !
LANG_ENG Some of these are technical adaptations .
LANG_ENG Trade in national / international raw goods , interim goods and concentrates started .
LANG_ENG Today , he has taught me something new: that it is possible to celebrate your birthday and still fulfil your duties in this Chamber .
LANG_ENG We employ padded weapons , wooden wasters , shinais and blunt replicas of historical originals .
LANG_ENG Visit our website to download our latest product guide and discover the new products we have added to our range .
LANG_ENG The shutter release button has a nice pressure point and feels perfect under your finger .
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Pestana Grand .
LANG_ENG • Two stopovers are permitted at any point served by Air China or Shanghai Airlines within the Mainland of China .
LANG_ENG As they pass between the rows of tea bushes , only the two leaves and one unopened leaf bud are selected , to ensure the final product is of the required quality .
LANG_ENG This is an example of how ineffective the EU is .
LANG_ENG I therefore think it only natural to ask the Commission whether it will face the implications of its sharp focus on the Lisbon objectives and amend the Prodi Commission " s proposal .
LANG_ENG There are low-cost Brazilian airlines , so better to buy your ticket here for internal flights .
LANG_ENG Together with their collaborators and advise customers if they treat their cheeses , homemade salads .
LANG_ENG But overall , betting against big government financial institutions proved to be a richly rewarding business .
LANG_ENG If you prefer a quick tutorial about the program interface , just click on an area of the picture below that you wish to learn more about ....
LANG_ENG Later only two videos were made .
LANG_ENG Aksai Chin is one of the two main border disputes between India and the People &apos;s Republic of China , the other being the dispute over Arunachal Pradesh , which is administered by India and claimed by China as South Tibet .
LANG_ENG The end of June is far too late , not to mention the fact that a &apos; balanced proposal &apos; means something else .
LANG_ENG Security of energy supply continues to be the primary objective on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean .
LANG_ENG Mr President , this agreement deals with a sensitive issue: cooperation in the field of criminal law .
LANG_ENG I would like to focus on a very topical problem faced by Greek industry this week .
LANG_ENG Several stages are involved in preparing the clay .
LANG_ENG Application of the technologies of waste chips separation , packetization and cable termination .
LANG_ENG The measures the Commission has proposed have gone much further and have not been restricted to proposals solely concerned with the oil sector , but have been extended to the maritime traffic sector as a whole .
LANG_ENG In the mean time , we are left in a sort of limbo , repeating again and again how important relations with Russia are .
LANG_ENG For golf lovers it is mandatory a visit to Jesolo Golf Club , 18 holes , in the green of the lagoon . And do not forget to visit Acqualandia , the aquatic park famous all over Europe for its high slides .
LANG_ENG We would like the decisions on discharge to be more clearly based on one specific financial year .
LANG_ENG Windows Media Player may be detecting your connection speed incorrectly .
LANG_ENG I must now ask the rapporteur his position on this .
LANG_ENG The Hotel Buonafortuna is the ideal hotel for the wellness: at your disposal a swimming pool with Jacuzzi and oxygenating area , Turkish bath , chromatic and perfume therapy and on demand body massages .
LANG_ENG They are five weeks - that is ready for delivery - the 27th of May , and the entire hill is passed through 80 grams .
LANG_ENG In the political , diplomatic and human rights fields the Commission sees few signs of encouragement and little in the way of progress .
LANG_ENG Is it possible to submit a rescue request for GeoKrety &apos;s or GeoLutins ?
LANG_ENG It must now , of course , be put into effect , and there must be no let-up in the pressure for it to be so , but Turkey must also be given the time in which to do this .
LANG_ENG The process of initiating a referendum by petition is known as the popular or citizen &apos;s initiative .
LANG_ENG Rigi railways in close cooperation with the company Verkehrs- und Industrietechnik AG (CH), the technology company Windhoff (D), with the Swiss federal institute of technology in Zürich and with the national authority of traffic and transport .
LANG_ENG How are we supposed to trust Europe if you are not even willing to call that terrorism ? "
LANG_ENG Hopefully the meeting will mark the beginning of cooperation founded on the participation , equality and mutual respect of all parties .
LANG_ENG Mr President , in areas such as human rights , the European Parliament has traditionally been , in a sense , the eye of the international community and has tried to goad the EU institutions into action .
LANG_ENG I understand it is acceptable to the chairman of the committee and to the rapporteur that it goes into that space on Thursday &apos;s agenda .
LANG_ENG Now , it is incumbent on those of us who believe that a vote in favour of the Treaty will be to the benefit of Ireland to work to progress this new arrangement in my country .
LANG_ENG Code Acceleration is the first step toward a total performance solution .
LANG_ENG They have shown their reluctance to &apos; stabilise &apos; total actual expenditure , namely at a ceiling of 1.27% .
LANG_ENG This is why we demand that the European Commission undertake immediate preventive measures , more training , instruction and refreshment courses for stevedores and crews .
LANG_ENG Last night , due to the worrying news reaching us from Rangoon , we felt obliged to make another appeal to the Burmese authorities , asking them not to react violently to the people &apos;s peaceful demonstrations .
LANG_ENG The Park-Hotel Berlin Schloss Kaulsdorf is situated within easy reach of Berlin &apos;s numerous attractions like the Brandenburg Gate , Reichstag , Potsdamer Platz or the Bundesministerium , and also has links to all major airports .
LANG_ENG It reflects the federal governing system of allocating powers not only to a national government and to the people but also to the states .
LANG_ENG I would like to thank everybody who has contributed to this task .
LANG_ENG At its worst , it is part of America " s curse .
LANG_ENG These lamps are available in three different lengths as a high efficiency model (optimum economy) or as a high output version (high luminous flux).
LANG_ENG In the long term we would not be able to convey it to our citizens in political terms .
LANG_ENG He works in our Callcenter and helps you with all organisation questions .
LANG_ENG Those who have made equal contributions during their working life as civil servants have the right to equal pensions when they retire .
LANG_ENG The hexagonal coin of Tsar Trajan , end of the 1st . Cent- .
LANG_ENG This was possible only with first-class directors , performers of the highest possible quality and lavish productions .
LANG_ENG The Baltic strategy which the Commission has been given the task of preparing before the Swedish Presidency in 2009 will , I hope , meet the challenges in the region .
LANG_ENG Other potential sources - certain parasitoses , certain farming practices and weather conditions - may have harmful effects on the health of bees just as much as plant protection and veterinary products .
LANG_ENG The interchange between theory and practice is of high importance for the work of the Institute of Theatre Studies .
LANG_ENG Hotel Bernina is just across the road from Milano Centrale Station , giving you excellent Metro , bus and airport shuttle links .
LANG_ENG The staff were kind enough to post on an earring that I lost while staying there .
LANG_ENG Article 336b of the IVth Lomé Convention , which provides for the possibility of a partial or full suspension of cooperation due to serious human rights abuses is no exception to this rule .
LANG_ENG And the Customers are pleased with our performance .
LANG_ENG In 2004 , for example , Guangdong Province had to raise the mandatory minimum wage by as much as 20% to attract workers from other regions .
LANG_ENG We are engaged in land reform issues and changing legislation in many countries without describing this as gender action .
LANG_ENG Competition is necessarily distorted .
LANG_ENG Consequently , we support actually capping the EU budget contributions by Member States to 1% Gross National Income .
LANG_ENG Thus , for at least a certain time the settlement was much larger than hitherto thought .
LANG_ENG Such a blatant waste of EU money must stop .
LANG_ENG Compare the costs of a fortnight " s holiday in London for 2 adults and 2 children .
LANG_ENG My clear preference will be to distribute it .
LANG_ENG Mr President , as draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Budgetary Control , I should like to thank Mrs Heide Rühle for the excellent teamwork . It has been a real pleasure to work together on this matter .
LANG_ENG . Mr President , the study &apos; Global Assessment of Organic Contaminants in Farmed Salmon &apos; , published on 9 January 2004 in magazine , compared the levels of 14 organochlorine contaminants in samples of farmed and wild salmon .
LANG_ENG At least ten EU countries now have some form of smoking ban in restaurants and pubs .
LANG_ENG This page contains sub-categories and keyword pages contextually , grammatically and meaningfully related to the keyword / phrase tennis college and university .
LANG_ENG In regional policy it is time we switched from the debate on payments to one on the quality and effectiveness of measures .
LANG_ENG There is quite another concept which I feel is much more negative and this consists of establishing an additional feature which would take away a nation &apos; s right to safeguard themselves , a right which is nevertheless inalienable .
LANG_ENG PBI is especially suited for oxide etching , sputtering and spincoating - Celazole ® U-60SD grade with low ionic content is highly heat , plasma and abrasion resistant .
LANG_ENG Please enter the four letters , that appear in the image .
LANG_ENG Two white chicken , carrots , turnips , zucchini for vegetables , I present the ingredients for my dinner .
LANG_ENG This median point between diplomatic Plato and Machiavelli is located in a " four-square model of humanitarianism " .
LANG_ENG It represents an example for Japan and for us all , while underlining the need for Europe to adopt a strategy for natural and man-made disasters .
LANG_ENG Munich , March 8 , 2010 - MTU Aero Engines , Germany &apos;s leading engine manufacturer , for the second time in a row has achieved gold status , the highest level in the supplier rating program of Pratt &amp; Whitney &apos;s parent United Technologies Corporation (UTC).
LANG_ENG The small &quot; foundling &quot; had to be tested , if Mr. Ruprecht would be pleased ... Well , I know it now !
LANG_ENG With a graphical interface that is practical and simple to use , M ...
LANG_ENG I urge you , in your term in office , to ensure a thorough reform of the decision-making procedures of this Assembly .
LANG_ENG There is a proverb in my country: one who gives fast gives twice .
LANG_ENG Campaigns without ad groups can now be downloaded and posted .
LANG_ENG the following translation of our conditions in english language is solely an information . The regulatory framework for our business is only and exclusive the german version of the AGB .
LANG_ENG Heavy downpours have caused devastating floods in the north of Albania .
LANG_ENG The native forest trolls of the Amani empire fought the elves &apos; advance to no avail .
LANG_ENG The kingdom passes from one to another by descent and intrigue and murder - Emer saw the Son of Righteousness - Many prophets cry repentance - A famine and poisonous serpents plague the people .
LANG_ENG If you won , that creature doesn &apos;t untap during its controller &apos;s next untap step .
LANG_ENG Using an innovative technique that reinterprets the familiar Vernier principle , the GEL 235 is able to achieve unprecedented precision .
LANG_ENG Part of the answer may be that when students were marching in the streets protesting , they did not sing the &quot; Internationale &quot;; they sang &quot; We Shall Overcome . &quot;
LANG_ENG Mr President , Commissioner , rapporteur , I feel it would be appropriate to start by recalling that the main reason for the existence of this agreement was Greenland &apos;s leaving the European Union .
LANG_ENG Issues such as Burma , North Korea , Darfur , Zimbabwe , climate change , and nuclear proliferation all appear to be falling , because they are being insufficiently addressed , into this crack .
LANG_ENG In the crowned texts , the exoteric significance recovers a direction esoteric .
LANG_ENG Use the bargain &quot; Artists-rate &quot; for your last stay-over in our exceptional free-style art rooms . After that , Germany " s first ever hostel will modernise all its themed rooms .
LANG_ENG It will require longer term agreement between us on the wider aspects of sanctions policy which may involve enhanced consultations regarding countries of concern .
LANG_ENG How do I determine whether I have Spyware on my computer ?
LANG_ENG He therefore wonders whether these authors are unwittingly caught in &quot; remembrance &quot; and &quot; resentments &quot; while writing about issues of trauma that prevent a &quot; dynamic process &quot; of &quot; remembering &quot; in themselves and in their readers .
LANG_ENG I do not wish to have anything to do with such a democracy , and President Pöttering &apos;s derisive comments after the vote show that democracy in this Parliament , as in Europe , too , is dying .
LANG_ENG Mr President , delighted as I am with Mr Hökmark " s report on European State aid reform , I should like to thank him warmly and join in the broad support he has received here in this House .
LANG_ENG The annual meeting at Laytown takes place today in Co . Meath , Ireland , the only beach racing for thoroughbreds in Europe .
LANG_ENG We would like to add our voice to the condolences which Mr Barroso has expressed in his speech .
LANG_ENG In addition , I should like to welcome the recent ruling by the Court of Justice to the effect that a postal service provider is entitled to enter into an agreement regarding the distribution of social welfare payments .
LANG_ENG As the author is not present , Question No 34 by Niall Andrews (H-0492 / 01) lapses .
LANG_ENG The fourth womans fucking hole , the peehole .
LANG_ENG However , the European Parliament &apos;s new powers in the field of trade following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon must be taken into account .
LANG_ENG They successfully transported R &apos;Mor through the wormhole onto Voyager and to the Delta Quadrant , only to find out that that R &apos;Mor was from twenty years in the past .
LANG_ENG Mr President , an agreement was reached in Rome yesterday on the European arrest warrant; Italy too will sign it .
LANG_ENG The Monastery of Arkadl (Mani Arkadi ,), (23 km. southeast of Rethimno), built in the 16th century in a wonderful natural setting .
LANG_ENG The next item is the Commission statement on the free movement of Roma within the EU borders .
LANG_ENG After their entry into the European Union they lobbied for 20 years for the abolition of prophylactic vaccination in Europe .
LANG_ENG The money that would have been required for this has of course been set off against the surplus , as it would otherwise have had to be returned and then collected back again .
LANG_ENG IBV also provides consulting services , software development , training and support and is your provider of &quot; all-in-one &quot; services for your embedded project .
LANG_ENG Despite this a number of Member States of the European Union regularly discuss , in IGAT as elsewhere , how possible new political incentives can be found for the peace process .
LANG_ENG Hence , our research uses qualitative methods focused exactly on these aspects .
LANG_ENG As someone who is not married , perhaps it is something I can look forward to in the next ten years .
LANG_ENG We would also like the Commission to report back to the European Parliament . It is not sufficient simply to be informed of future activities; we would hope to exercise some influence over forward planning , and we need to be involved in evaluating ongoing work .
LANG_ENG I am very happy about this .
LANG_ENG Requests should be sent to the Publitour S.p.A. company .
LANG_ENG It will be adopted in the Commission &apos;s meeting tomorrow .
LANG_ENG I welcome Commissioner Barnier and the Portuguese Presidency here this afternoon .
LANG_ENG ) are considered classic renditions of theatre and nightclub standards , including her famously ironic version of &quot; Happy Days Are Here Again &quot; .
LANG_ENG When the disk image mounts , a new Finder window will open that contains the icon for launch2net installer .
LANG_ENG The fact that a large black underclass remains - something the recent floods in New Orleans revealed in a horrifically dramatic way - is mainly the result of failing school systems .
LANG_ENG B5-0387 / 1999 by Mrs Ainardi , on behalf of the GUE / NGL Group , on the serious floods in the south-west of France .
LANG_ENG On the other hand , there is also a certain amount of material on the Internet which is harmful to minors or illegal .
LANG_ENG I voted &apos; no &apos; because I do not want the EU &apos;s common foreign policy and armed forces to be strengthened , with all that that entails .
LANG_ENG The hotel was founded in February 2005 in a 19th century building of great architectural interest .
LANG_ENG Astonishing phenomena can be discovered in the Optics Laboratory .
LANG_ENG Penguin Greetings is a Perl CGI application to implement Internet greeting cards on Linux and other Unix-based systems . It includes a complete ecard Website with 20 + cards for users who want a &quot; plug and play &quot; ecards solution .
LANG_ENG This decision has received much media attention in Switzerland and has been dramatised , by some , into a major conflict .
LANG_ENG John: Thanks very much for this tutorial !
LANG_ENG But perhaps the most far-reaching yet neglected global health risk stems from gender norms .
LANG_ENG We stress that this is an area in which there must be respect for Member States and for the principle of subsidiarity .
LANG_ENG Nor can the multiplicity of linguistic qua translational actualizations be narrowed down to an a priori defined field of " possible " contextual concretizations .
LANG_ENG That will also bring with it new and really positive prospects for economic cooperation between the European Union and Russia .
LANG_ENG I welcome the fact that the threshold is to be increased .
LANG_ENG But I must emphasise that interest also needs to be shown by the Council in order to carry this through .
LANG_ENG Unless I am mistaken , you have not yet said anything about that .
LANG_ENG No wonder we &apos;re able to welcome back many of our guests time and time again .
LANG_ENG The transposition of European directives into national legislation has played and continues to play a crucial role in all our countries , particularly Portugal .
LANG_ENG For that reason this Parliament has made cuts both in its budget and in agriculture which was not easy .
LANG_ENG An account in which the client &apos;s metal is individually identified as his , and physically segregated from all the other gold in the vault; in the event of a default by the holding bank , the investor becomes a secured creditor .
LANG_ENG I do not want membership of the EU to be conferred on any country that jeopardizes the health and safety of the people of another country .
LANG_ENG Sardegna Luxury hotel Accommodation in a 5 Star Hotel - with 55 rooms in the main building , most of them with balconies and 18 villas with patios and private gardens .
LANG_ENG This network enables us to always offer our patients an individualized , optimal treatment concept .
LANG_ENG International ratings confirm that the country " s infrastructure ranks among the most reliable and well-developed in the world .
LANG_ENG For example , we have launched a major initiative on the development of pandemic influenza vaccines .
LANG_ENG It is the duty of the Council to admit the failure of a policy when that failure has occurred .
LANG_ENG Leading-edge research needs private sponsors inspired by an enthusiasm for basic research and encouraged to make a financial commitment .
LANG_ENG Click here or on the image to enlarge the map of San Antonio .
LANG_ENG For Merleau-Ponty , freedom is not a gift but an achievement held by man in the world (through the action of man in the world).
LANG_ENG We are discussing here today something that years ago seemed an insurmountable obstacle: the mandate of the Commission when negotiating the EU &apos;s accession to the European Convention on Human Rights .
LANG_ENG When we speak of free software , we are referring to freedom , not price .
LANG_ENG The situation in Burma is getting worse not better , as colleagues have said , and I echo everything that has been said thus far .
LANG_ENG This has been pursued through the consensus-building approach of the Florence and Madrid Forums which led to the regulation on cross-border trade in electricity that entered into force last year , and the equivalent regulation on gas , which we expect to be adopted very soon .
LANG_ENG We should be uncompromising on chemicals and pollutants that can in any way affect their functioning and development .
LANG_ENG Indeed , Corporatism spread to country after country .
LANG_ENG He then turned to directing for television , making his mark on such programs as T.J. Hooker (starring William Shatner), Hill Street Blues , Miami Vice , Home Improvement , L.A. Law , Charmed , and The X-Files .
LANG_ENG I think that this issue of a legal basis needs to be resolved as it is delaying implementation of the plans , which is essential for conserving the resource and regulating fishing .
LANG_ENG Secondary risks are possible: allergic reactions and an increased use of anti-microbial substances .
LANG_ENG This page was last modified 11: 20 , 8 June 2009 by Red _ marquis .
LANG_ENG The image quality is outstanding , and the speed with which the images are processed , as well as the speed of the camera actions , really is striking . In fact , the entire combination can easily face the competition of other camera manufacturers .
LANG_ENG The reason is that an aspect which is fundamental to us , and I believe also to many European citizens , has not been considered as fully as we had asked for .
LANG_ENG Updated approx . 2500 lineups , jersey numbers and positions and Updated captain , kick takers and formation ...
LANG_ENG 3 . Bills can now roam free - everyone can become a Bill !
LANG_ENG The exchange of opinions , the considerations and discussions , which have accompanied the tedious process of getting this programme accepted , have been extremely fruitful , and have led to definite improvements in the instruments used for health monitoring in the Community .
LANG_ENG Policy reforms shift the distribution of income in different directions in different developing countries , as expected , given the diverse starting conditions .
LANG_ENG I believe that this is a much , much better approach than the quota system , and it already works in parts of the European Union .
LANG_ENG Concerning the question put by Mr Casaca concerning the ecosystem approach , I would like first of all to say that , yes , we in the Directorate-General for Fisheries and Maritime Affairs had commissioned a study by experts .
LANG_ENG After each use , always clean the appliance thoroughly with the supplied brush .
LANG_ENG A spike in long-term rates would lower the price of JGBs , destroying household wealth and , in turn , reducing consumer spending .
LANG_ENG Question No 5 by Mrs Riitta Myller (H-0076 / 03):
LANG_ENG The federations of the FIR are active part of this civil society and expect promotion and support .
LANG_ENG The Bed &amp; Breakfast &apos; BB Filemone &apos; is near St. Paul &apos;s Basilica , across the street ...
LANG_ENG Following this direction , you will pass through the villages Atsipopoulo , Prines , Gonia and Agios Andreas .
LANG_ENG Satellite steering also allows unit to be oriented and to locate themselves statesman easily , chemical reaction the fog of war .
LANG_ENG It is only right and proper that sanctions against Iraq be lifted .
LANG_ENG We never have done in the past , and we never should .
LANG_ENG Among negotiators there is now a consensus that the MAI should not undermine the GATT acquis , excluding audiovisual services , that is to say , the conclusion of the Uruguay Round .
LANG_ENG We envisage a mechanism for a dialogue with Parliament , which should allow us then to present the selected strategy documents , explain our choices and receive Parliament " s view on the choices and how the strategy should be implemented .
LANG_ENG Sustainable development is going to be very important in the context of enlargement .
LANG_ENG It also makes demands of our ability to operate in an international context .
LANG_ENG Sudan and South Sudan (debate) 
LANG_ENG in writing . - (PT) When it launched the Energy Package at the beginning of this year , the European Commission highlighted the need for a technological action plan for fossil fuels and underlined the fundamental requirement for a pragmatic approach towards nuclear energy .
LANG_ENG Despite this , the Commission has some detailed observations on various parts of the report .
LANG_ENG Unlike during general anesthesia there is no need for the respirator .
LANG_ENG The actual problem is the time needed for the contradictory procedure , though the period agreed does not even take account of the summer recess .
LANG_ENG MAISONS DU LIMOUSIN , real estate in Limousin region .
LANG_ENG In the first place , I think it has to be absolutely certain that there is no threat to human health .
LANG_ENG Please provide keywords and a very short (one sentence) description of your contribution and make suggestions for links , possible text (quotations , associations , etc .) or illustrations to be used in the margins .
LANG_ENG We are a group of Andalucia fan , who would like to promote Andalucia and the Costa del Sol to more people who have never been here or would like to come back .
LANG_ENG There is also a lack of approximation , or rather a growing disparity between the incomes of a small number of rich people and a larger number of poor people .
LANG_ENG Finally Luigi Arditi &apos;s waltz Il bacio is so typically stylistic of a Vienna waltz that it is immediately connected to Vienna . This virtuosic vocal waltz gives Deborah Lynn Cole the opportunity to pull out all the stops and send you in the magical world of music .
LANG_ENG Arguably Picasso &apos;s most famous work is his depiction of the German bombing of Guernica , Spain - Guernica .
LANG_ENG Berlin Street Artists have designed the underground train station and more . Further info: artists .
LANG_ENG A renovated 20 bed hostel and small café also operate in the Lisvori spa , next to the Saint John (Agios Ioannis) tabernacle .
LANG_ENG In all cases , you can make a request to review and correct your personal information collected via our websites or ask Honeywell to stop using it by completing our Contact Us form .
LANG_ENG Whilst on the one hand commending Azerbaijan for this progress , we agree with OSCE-ODIHR that it might not be sufficient .
LANG_ENG That would bring greater benefit to those we all wish to help , that is to say the victims of the terrible tsunami disaster .
LANG_ENG The EU likes to portray itself as a force for human rights and environmental protection .
LANG_ENG I would also like to point out that part 5 restricts the flexibility of the CARNOT programme , and that is why we cannot accept it .
LANG_ENG I think this is important .
LANG_ENG 5.4 How can I install a developer &apos;s environment to build packages ?
LANG_ENG Quite a few Member States have expressed similar views at working party meetings chaired by the Agriculture Directorate-General .
LANG_ENG The order is made by sending it to us by operating the button &quot; order confirmation &quot; at the end of the order form .
LANG_ENG Restricting the reproductive rights of women , which is currently understood primarily to mean the right to abortion , continues to be regarded as a form of violence against women .
LANG_ENG During this time period , he attended to European clients in Argentina for two years and changed later into the industrial sector .
LANG_ENG The Town of Hameln was established around the year 1200 .
LANG_ENG Hotel Gaj holds on to &quot; no-spam &quot; rules .
LANG_ENG This gives the user instant access to the legislation .
LANG_ENG At the moment , the growing number of Islamic terror websites are already demanding our urgent attention , for these form the virtual recruitment and training grounds of young Jihadists in Europe .
LANG_ENG It should be understood rather in its fullest sense as our willingness to share our own creative talents in helping people solve the problems that create poverty .
LANG_ENG I am sorry , but this is madness .
LANG_ENG KMC Germany is the principal Centre of Kadampa Buddhism in Germany and home to an international spiritual community which strives to contribute to world peace by following the Buddhist path .
LANG_ENG For example a loaf of bread in a natural food store or the health department in a supermarket will cost you anywhere from $ 3.00 to $ 5.00 or more , however most of the cost depends on what you buy and where .
LANG_ENG Baroque building (XVII cent .), one nave , wooden altar of � 600 .
LANG_ENG The negative sides of this camera seem to be evened out by its plus points .
LANG_ENG Our strengths include the same legal systems , the same values , the same freedoms , the community method , the internal market with its four freedoms and the common currency .
LANG_ENG This area borders the Sol district with several theatres; the most famous of which is the Ballet Flamenco , where you can revere in the truly authentic of Spain " s flamencos , Carmén .
LANG_ENG - Ladies and gentlemen , the European Union and India are predestined for strategic cooperation and for strategic partnership .
LANG_ENG The report indicates a range of obstacles to be overcome .
LANG_ENG The content of this site , and especially photographs , video images , sound , graphics , texts , etc . , are subject to copyright laws .
LANG_ENG There are , and although they are not common , which is the case in many areas , they are equivalent .
LANG_ENG I also presented him with a proposal for a more flexible system of eligibility for receipt of structural funds for &apos; transition &apos; regions , i.e. those which find themselves caught between the objectives of &apos; convergence &apos; and of &apos; competitiveness and employment &apos; .
LANG_ENG However , the regulation was drawn up under conditions of urgent need , and for that reason it has gaps and omissions which we are trying to correct with the amendments we have tabled .
LANG_ENG But how was China able to build a modern industrial base within a relatively short period of time from its traditional , patrimonial family contracts and archaic constitutional structures ?
LANG_ENG Giovambattista Fazioli: @ nuovobuio: the fact that you do not find the textField probably means that you ...
LANG_ENG The plot combiner can then be designed to investigate un-combined plots in more detail .
LANG_ENG It is vitally important that we create the right atmosphere and our teams are committed to deliver fun , happy and exciting experiences for all our customers .
LANG_ENG Easily create XML documents with no knowledge of XML and little or no training within Microsoft Word .
LANG_ENG The white balance is fine and in general has little or no problems with everyday subjects .
LANG_ENG However , Moscow should also understand that neither the Americans nor NATO are threatening or have any intention of threatening Russia .
LANG_ENG The 190-kilometre long hiking and cross-country skiing trail network departs from the courtyard . Part of the network also runs through the National Park .
LANG_ENG For every menu-item in the Online Bible you can find more Help information . Just press Key F1 in the opened Dialogwindow or just click the Help button .
LANG_ENG A trade deficit increase of this magnitude is unsustainable .
LANG_ENG And who had thought , that I maybe would play one day a part in it .
LANG_ENG The Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) comprises the 7 members of the board of governors and 5 representatives selected from the Federal Reserve Banks .
LANG_ENG The differences between the demonstrations in Madrid and Warsaw suggest that the distinction between Old and New Europe remains valid , though not in the way that Rumsfeld meant .
LANG_ENG And just did not seem like a good plan , so this came out okay .
LANG_ENG This page was last modified 08: 41 , 18 January 2007 by Red _ marquis .
LANG_ENG We encourage you to review this policy whenever you visit one of our sites .
LANG_ENG There are over 275 000 sale points all over Europe . To find you nearest store please visit: ukash .
LANG_ENG Due to its location near the Atacama desert , the mountain has very dry conditions with snow only remaining on the peak during winter .
LANG_ENG You will also be given your boarding card there for your selected seat in the plane .
LANG_ENG There &apos;s no computer inside the hotel and not convenient for travellers that did not bring along with them a notebook .
LANG_ENG Guinsa is the headquarters of the Cheontae (천태) &#91; 1 &#93; sect of Buddhism , the Korean version of China &apos; s Tiantai teachings .
LANG_ENG For more than 15 years , Lompas has offered innovative solutions for producing specific machinery for constructing and handling pallets .
LANG_ENG The next item is voting time .
LANG_ENG The ASEAN States , the United Nations and the international community must be made to discharge their obligations , so that pressure from Europe receives wide support .
LANG_ENG CZ / LOVOSICE: The build-up of the logistic center in the industrial area Lovosice started on 12.02.2007 !
LANG_ENG After 50 years of inefficiency , it is time to try something new .
LANG_ENG Of particular mention on the cultural scene is the International Summer School in sculpture at the Montraker quarry .
LANG_ENG The Commission fully shares the Honourable Member &apos;s concern about deforestation and peat land draining in South-East Asia . It is aware of the link with the fast-growing demand for palm oil .
LANG_ENG A lack of democracy pervaded the talks , as they took place behind the closed doors of " green rooms " , and the opportunity to lift millions out of poverty simply did not materialise .
LANG_ENG If they are , the compromise will be a good one .
LANG_ENG What is more , this report has been drawn up in a vague way .
LANG_ENG Find detailed information about the dental surgeries in Budapest offering quality dental services: dental implants , veneers , crowns , bridges , aesthetic dental treatments and more ...
LANG_ENG At the same time , however , we are creating - and I do not understand this , Commissioner - an additional competition-distorting element in this directive itself .
LANG_ENG The human factor is of prime importance in preventing accidents .
LANG_ENG Any more restrictive prohibition would penalize legitimate and laudable transactions , for example , used clothing from Oxfam , about which we too have received a report .
LANG_ENG He notes that , according to the Commission , energy-saving benefits could amount to over EUR 1 000 per household per year .
LANG_ENG Rubens was knighted by King Charles I of England for his diplomatic efforts to bring about a peace treaty between that country and Spain .
LANG_ENG The air conditioning was turned off for the season .
LANG_ENG This is one of the fundamental principles of all our actions , both inside and outside the European Union .
LANG_ENG You can also right-click the mail panel and select &quot; Newsfeeds &quot; to access a subscription dialog .
LANG_ENG Would you like us to take a five-minute break just to relax ?
LANG_ENG Bad Behavior has blocked 11 access Attempts in the last 7 days .
LANG_ENG Blair " s government may hope to be rescued by outside events .
LANG_ENG Today &apos;s discussion is unquestionably a crucial one for the safety of passengers who travel by air in the European Union .
LANG_ENG Mr Santer replied that to answer the honourable (of course !) 
LANG_ENG In addition , there is a prize draw each month where you can win super prizes !
LANG_ENG Only when democracy and the rule of law are at last firmly rooted in Central and South America and all forms of extremism are brought under control will that continent be able to play the role which its economic and cultural weight actually demands .
LANG_ENG We will report on the progress of Serbia and Montenegro through this approach in the Commission " s annual report on the stabilisation and association process this autumn .
LANG_ENG Zimbabwe does , of course , still have considerable problems , but the European countries and the Union will continue to assume their responsibilities as partners of Zimbabwe in jointly tackling the problems of poverty , ill health and under-development .
LANG_ENG Therefore , I hope that , on the basis of the agreements which this Parliament adopts this week , the Council and the Commission will consider the possibility of definitively laying down the advisory committee procedure .
LANG_ENG Seawater is rich in mineral salts , vitamins and trace elements that sea alga contains in high concentrations .
LANG_ENG For three or four years we have talked , acted , made proposals and legislated with that date in mind .
LANG_ENG This is not an alternative , but an important other element in the fight against drugs .
LANG_ENG Is the Council of Ministers prepared to take legislative action ?
LANG_ENG It could also leave you with an awkward problem if your bike is no longer rideable for the return journey !
LANG_ENG You undertook to round off the six months with the commitment on the Convention , but the Italian Presidency - Italy , a founder country - has a duty to itself , to its history .
LANG_ENG Atelierpfister asked us to develop a family of lamps for living spaces . Our first step was to contact the manufacturer .
LANG_ENG The existing flexibility provisions in respect of reporting requirements do not distinguish between different size classes of companies .
LANG_ENG Moreover , we must guarantee - and this is directly linked to this - journalistic neutrality , which is so important to our democracy .
LANG_ENG Nevertheless they all stick with it and deliver a short story at the end of the workshop .
LANG_ENG If the root of the tooth has not yet been filled at another location , we fill it during one visit .
LANG_ENG The General box holds the title of the legend , which is displayed at the top of the legend box .
LANG_ENG I would like to support the idea put forward by the rapporteur , Mrs Angelilli , that the framework decision currently in force since 2004 should be updated .
LANG_ENG Within 24 hours you will receive your work back with corrections , explanations , tips and advice , given to you by experienced and qualified examination teachers .
LANG_ENG The Fed cannot reduce short-term interest rates below zero , so it is attempting via this policy of " quantitative easing " to reduce longer-term interest rates .
LANG_ENG This module version is equipped with a Freescale MC9S12DP512 controller .
LANG_ENG You can determine how often within a certain time range the sender is allowed the send recommendations with the same e-mail address .
LANG_ENG Today , Luxembourg is the seventh financial centre with main pillars such as asset management , financial engineering , investment funds ...
LANG_ENG It will see Protocol V to the convention , on &apos; Explosive Remnants of War &apos; - i.e. failed explosive ordnance , ammunition or sub-munitions from cluster bombs , - enter into force .
LANG_ENG On MIPS , they can be either . To separate them apart , we append el to the architecture name to denote little endian .
LANG_ENG Its impact on our everyday lives and on global relations is enormous , and it is therefore a good thing that we should have the opportunity to discuss various aspects at the same time .
LANG_ENG Up to two older children or adults are charged USD 50.00 per night and person when using existing bedding .
LANG_ENG You are fully responsible for your choice of your login and password , for keeping them confidential , and for any use made of them by another person .
LANG_ENG Pircher &#124; Via Grazze 1 &#124; 39034 Dobbiaco &#124; Dolomites &#124; South Tyrol &#124; Tel .
LANG_ENG Secondly , these kinds of transfers should , conversely , contribute to protecting the existing rights of shareholders , creditors , and especially the rights of employees .
LANG_ENG Since it is so late , I shall be concise and stress three aspects relating to Gabon and fisheries agreements in general that I believe to be important .
LANG_ENG During this time , countless practitioners and patients have put their trust in us and made their choice - in favour of our products .
LANG_ENG Croatia is a land of rare natural beauties , crystal clear blue sea , and preserved cultural heritage .
LANG_ENG We have the right , but not the obligation , to remove any content that may be inappropriate in any way .
LANG_ENG For the sake of all of us , Europe must continue to speak out - even more forcibly than it has in the past .
LANG_ENG The vast majority of Britain &apos;s countryside is disease-free and open for business , subject to sensible precautions about staying away from farm land and farm animals .
LANG_ENG My happiness is slowly turning into euphoria .
LANG_ENG Nice standards regarding facilities as well as personal .
LANG_ENG In addition , there is an important internal debate on what society demands of agriculture .
LANG_ENG Very central- great location , very clean , everything necessary was in hotel room . Perfect for city trip .
LANG_ENG Christine Kröncke Interior Design GmbH shall provide no guarantee that the information presented on this Web site is complete , correct and entirely up-to-date . This shall also apply to all external links referred to either directly or indirectly on this Web site .
LANG_ENG It is for Ukrainians , and we are adopting it together .
LANG_ENG This is expressed by letters ranging from D = very soft to T = very hard .
LANG_ENG There is obviously a significant degree of uncertainty built into this .
LANG_ENG In really extreme situations , the operators of the site , Internet Brands , Inc will set down some rules and precepts .
LANG_ENG If you installed task-wm5sync-gnome , this will be synce-trayicon: it should be in the Tools section of the menus with the name Synce-trayicon . You should notice a new applet running in the system tray .
LANG_ENG So now the lovely Pentecost days come and I hope you &apos;ll enjoy the free days .
LANG_ENG A further feature of BMW Assist is the BMW information service , which provides up-to-date information directly in your vehicle: addresses and telephone numbers , recommendations for hotels , restaurants and places of interest .
LANG_ENG Indeed , it is only on the margins where Latin America " s left is striving to differ - and partly succeeding .
LANG_ENG The maximum pressure reaches up to 1,4 bar .
LANG_ENG Since then , aside from the roughly 80 exhibitions , countless visitors have also admired the extraordinary architecture of the museum , which employed steel from Dillingen in its construction .
LANG_ENG At stake are jobs and the way the people of Europe perceive the EU .
LANG_ENG  (Applause) 
LANG_ENG Waldorf education is the educational impulse for the 21st century .
LANG_ENG For decades , due to rampant protectionism , the ratio of Brazil &apos;s exports to GNP was one of the lowest in the world .
LANG_ENG Rootkits themselves are normally installed by a virus or other type of malware infection and it is therefore highly recommended that computer users have up to date antivirus / anti-spyware software installed and running on their computer .
LANG_ENG Stocks of medicines and vaccines must be kept , detection systems and rapid early warning systems must be improved , civil protection mechanisms such as national emergency plans must be stepped up , and a great deal of information must be made available .
LANG_ENG Then , the average temperature rises to 31 ° C (87 ° F) during the daytime and drops to about 22 ° C (72 ° F) at night .
LANG_ENG In &quot; Translate &quot; his latest essay , Belgian philosopher and jurist François Ost , sings the praises of multilingualism , the one alternative to the hegemony of global English .
LANG_ENG There are 26 listing in this category .
LANG_ENG Then this installer release is not for you .
LANG_ENG As an individual what do I need to be able to rent ?
LANG_ENG Particularly with the constitutional treaty in mind , we were of the opinion that this was an area in which Parliament should gain greater competence .
LANG_ENG I want once more to ram home the point that most of us in this House regard an independent element in the assessment of laws " impact as vitally necessary .
LANG_ENG Werder Bremens pre-season programm for preparing for the 2007 / 2008 ...
LANG_ENG When you just don &apos;t feel like sharing - spend a little time getting to know one another ... every naked inch .
LANG_ENG Special security measures were taken for the 33rd summit of G8 leaders in Heiligendamm .
LANG_ENG That is why the two aspects are not entirely separate and it is in our interests to promote the overall quality of the market .
LANG_ENG The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
LANG_ENG The integrated interface also enables the operator to connect to the computers of the machines to be isolated allowing him to manage a wide range of diverse operating modes .
LANG_ENG Moodmixer GmbH has been been founded in 2008 out of the existing business of PWsoft GbR .
LANG_ENG in writing . - (PT) Illegal , unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing is currently one of the main problems facing the management of marine resources .
LANG_ENG Developed at the German Aerospace Center " s Institute of Robotics and Mechatronics in Oberpfaffenhofen , it can also be used for educational purposes in schools .
LANG_ENG A number of pilot projects were carried out between 2000 and 2005 .
LANG_ENG Waving rainbow-coloured flags and dancing with unbridled joy , they wound their way through the city &apos;s streets .
LANG_ENG The call for certain legislative measures to be speeded up should therefore be addressed primarily to the Council .
LANG_ENG She has a tattoo - it &apos;s impossible to read what it says .
LANG_ENG Spare parts for cars , Spare parts for trucks , Spare parts for passenger automobiles , Spare parts for passenger automobiles original .
LANG_ENG Do You have a Bride Shop and You want to buy the dresses of this database at dealer prices ?
LANG_ENG By using the object selection you have access to objects within the CityGuide DMS application .
LANG_ENG This interactive seminar is made of 4 parts of 3 hours each .
LANG_ENG Left-Hand glove and right hand glove with two computers to check your grip pressure in both hands .
LANG_ENG Rolf Zavelberg (1959) has been working as a light artist since 1995 .
LANG_ENG We are looking forward to getting a lot of feed-back , comments and many visits .
LANG_ENG I have cultivated and maintained these contacts (with regard to literary happenings in the Czech Republic and Slovakia) and have enabled many productive connections between these parties .
LANG_ENG Of course PayPal uses SSL encryption , which is the industry standard to send sensitive information in a highly encrypted form across the internet .
LANG_ENG ConTrax - our innovative transport system represents the further development of established automation concepts for numerous applications in the automotive industry , mechanical engineering , medical technology and the plastics industry .
LANG_ENG The shadow of a physical altar crucifix tells of the events , which happened during Jesus " crucifixion , according to their description in the four Gospels .
LANG_ENG The authoritative procedure that he initiated at that time for monitoring the implementation of the budget has lost none of its importance since then .
LANG_ENG Profound knowledge derives from appreciating the significance of individual pieces of knowledge or experience and fitting them together into a coherent network .
LANG_ENG Barcelona architect Juli Capella , was responsible for the hotel " s design , including the imaginative play of black and white contrasts on its façade .
LANG_ENG Through this resolution , the European Parliament is strongly expressing its solidarity with the Syrian , Bahraini and Yemeni citizens , who are showing great courage in demonstrating their aspirations while faced with government forces who are opening fire on unarmed civilians .
LANG_ENG 100 meters away from the hotel our guests can also find an equipped gym , a tennis court , mini soccer field , volley ball .
LANG_ENG Horizon does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 14 and Horizon does not target its websites to children under 14 .
LANG_ENG In order to be able to discuss these customer-oriented solutions , the KUKA exhibition planners have allowed plenty of space for communication , consultation and the exchange of experience .
LANG_ENG I would like to use this debate to reassure both the European industry and the countries which enjoy preferential access to the Union &apos;s markets .
LANG_ENG It is imperative to improve the situation of young people and their educational and vocational chances .
LANG_ENG Both have 4 floors , in all with 167 rooms , most of all with balcony over the promenade.Due to their position , you can enjoy its brightness and their wonderfull views to our neighbour Formentera island .
LANG_ENG Mr President , this is a framework directive with ambitious targets for the protection and improvement of water quality , taking account of the polluter-pays principle .
LANG_ENG The 2Shé and BeatBox music rooms are also smoking rooms , with areas specifically fitted out for smokers .
LANG_ENG First of all , the European Union must promote the more efficient use of energy in its external policy by making this one of the priorities of the EU " s Neighbourhood Programme .
LANG_ENG After the procedure , the patient should have a CT at regular intervals and continue with the treatment of osteoporosis .
LANG_ENG There is very great potential within the EU for saving energy and using it in rational ways .
LANG_ENG For details about how to use Windows Media ® Player 11 , refer to the Windows Media ® Player 11 Help feature .
LANG_ENG Regrettably , the opposite was likewise demonstrated in the previous debate on electromagnetic fields .
LANG_ENG If you want more speaking time , Parliament itself can decide on this .
LANG_ENG The entire reclassification is merely a code name to disguise the promotion of a liberal policy on drugs .
LANG_ENG Finally , you will have to enter the coordinates of the green .
LANG_ENG Well then , you will say , given what you said in your introduction to the debate on how the work is progressing in Geneva , such an objective will no doubt require energy and acceleration .
LANG_ENG They are not , however , short-term measures .
LANG_ENG I have upgraded the post of special envoy to Deputy Secretary-General for the moment because I think it is so important that the Quartet envoy is somebody who is absolutely at the heart and who is our political director .
LANG_ENG They reflect the great diversity of this Parliament , where there are vast areas of coincidence but also many points of sensitivity .
LANG_ENG Wholesale disintegration of reef ecosystems has occurred in some places , and collapse on a worldwide scale is a real risk .
LANG_ENG 00: 03: 33: 20 , 00: 03: 35: 13 , (Isn &apos;t that just the way with assumptions ?
LANG_ENG This is particularly clear in the case of Poland , which has a population of 39 million-more than the rest of the other nine accession countries together .
LANG_ENG We have released funds for these unexpected situations , for example through the flexibility mechanism , but the process has been extremely difficult .
LANG_ENG We will provide support for the organization of the entire translation process .
LANG_ENG The debate is closed .
LANG_ENG The result was to damage the enlargement process and introduce unexpected hurdles when we all believed a solution was within our grasp . An unprecedented dispute then arose because precedents were ignored .
LANG_ENG The hotel &apos;s receptionists will answer all your questions regarding our offered services , but they will also gladly help you with choosing cultural events in Prague .
LANG_ENG For experts only; -) Virtually climb the Vancori-summit !
LANG_ENG I can speak for this House when I say that we can take pride in our defence of human rights , in Guantanamo as elsewhere , and in the fact that the Supreme Court can be said to have come to the same conclusion .
LANG_ENG In conclusion , I want to wish both the Commission and the Council good luck in Montreal .
LANG_ENG Gruyères is also the home place of the famous Gruyères-Cheese .
LANG_ENG The European Union should , therefore , endeavour to concentrate its attention essentially on those aspects which have a Community dimension .
LANG_ENG &quot; Cobold Eksports &quot; Ltd. is one of the biggest customs terminals in the Vidzeme region , providing its clients with top level service in Latvia and other Baltic States .
LANG_ENG Note that due to differences between the available catalogues , certain search types may not function with individual target systems (see below).
LANG_ENG Thanks to constant development and attention to our customers &apos; needs , S-Druk Printing Company has extended its services with UV offset printing .
LANG_ENG I turn now to the different areas .
LANG_ENG You have renewed the closeness that existed between our two institutions , and you have not become the government of Europe , with or without the Draft Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe , which our nations are now asked to consider .
LANG_ENG Let all men be Sashas and all women Natashas .
LANG_ENG Apartments ranging from 70 to 90 sq mt , including a living room with TV area , dividable bed , completely equipped kitchen and bathroom .
LANG_ENG OMICRON " s innovative testing systems support efficient , reliable , and likewise , high-precision testing of cables and overhead lines .
LANG_ENG We also wanted to broaden the membership of the proposed standing committee for foodstuffs to include experts representing public authorities and consumer groups .
LANG_ENG 2.Payments are to be made to the bank account number stated on the invoice .
LANG_ENG The Danish Prime Minister even stated , in the context of the referendum on the Amsterdam Treaty , that a vote for the Amsterdam Treaty would mean fewer refugees in Denmark .
LANG_ENG Day and night , a unique welcome and view over the Baie des Anges .
LANG_ENG I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday , 13 February 2003 .
LANG_ENG Our Igloos are fully made of snow , and , naturally , snow is melting .
LANG_ENG  (Applause) 
LANG_ENG In the future , a profitable mining industry must be a possibility - in the EU too .
LANG_ENG Yesterday , we all took note of that failure .
LANG_ENG The H10 Europa Park is 1 minute from the tourist information office on the Placa Europa .
LANG_ENG It means you have to review the translation .
LANG_ENG For our part , Mr Barroso , we expect three things of you .
LANG_ENG Well , according to information I get , the disease caused by measles virus , so no antibiotics or drugs guns for measles .
LANG_ENG The European Institute of Public Administration recently indicated that , in many cases , there is simply too little case law available to draw on .
LANG_ENG Looking for a place to enjoy a vacation full of activities ?
LANG_ENG Our products are distributed electronically via downloading zip &amp; exe files from our server .
LANG_ENG We will not insist that there is only one perspective and that is renewable energies .
LANG_ENG We are restricted to presenting , here today , the Court of Auditors &apos; report No 1 / 96 and to giving our political opinion on it .
LANG_ENG Libya and Tunisia are far from settled , as the recent assassination of Tunisia " s leading opposition politician and the presence of unrestrained militia in Libyan towns show .
LANG_ENG We believe that these are matters which should be dealt with by the Member States .
LANG_ENG I would like to underline to you , as I have done in my report , a number of points that I feel strongly about .
LANG_ENG This option applies to brushes with fuzzy edges .
LANG_ENG Taking measures on the diplomatic level against the Mexican Embassy in Chile .
LANG_ENG That is why we are all responsible for protecting our heritage and protecting this diversity .
LANG_ENG Based on this analysis we decide on the best methodology to select and populate the model with figures under a normal , worst and best case scenario .
LANG_ENG I believe , in fact , that in a number of countries it is helpful for the national parliaments to be mobilised , informed and motivated with regard to the issue of development .
LANG_ENG May 26 - In Atlantic City , New Jersey , Resorts International , the first legal casino in the eastern United States , opens .
LANG_ENG I therefore call on you to vote for the relevant amendments , which delete the new parameter , and for the amendments which make no distinction between inland and coastal waters .
LANG_ENG &quot; &apos; &#91; &#91; Nero Digital &#93; &#93; &quot; &apos; * Nero Digital allows you converting the format of all multimedia files into the Nero exclusive format .
LANG_ENG The focal points already invite nominations for the national Good Practice Awards .
LANG_ENG Finnish Green MEP Heidi Hautala has welcomed the European Parliament vote to approve a new term for EU Ombudsman Nikiforos Diamandouros . The role involves investigating complaints on the EU institutions , especially regarding transparency .
LANG_ENG The next group of products are anti-insect products for cockroaches , and ants , and insecticide shampoo for dogs .
LANG_ENG There is little economic or scientific innovation - and this is where we ought to seize the opportunity with both hands .
LANG_ENG Suites- A very spacious split level room .
LANG_ENG The interchange between two-dimensionality and multidimensionality cannot be mentally fixed , because the zoom of our optical perception is constantly in motion , focussing and registering erratic full pictures and close-ups .
LANG_ENG Every day we explore new natural beauty , historical and cultural events and get in touch with the country and their local inhabitants beside &quot; standard trades &quot; .
LANG_ENG I would remind you that it is not the purpose of the Green Paper to undertake an in-depth study of specific technological or sectoral themes .
LANG_ENG ICES also recommended using relative targets such as fishing mortality instead of fixed ones such as biomass , because they are less sensitive towards scientific uncertainty and the environmental variations affecting the stock .
LANG_ENG Check Tracking periodically for shipment progress updates .
LANG_ENG The journal promotes cross-cultural perspective in philosophy and related areas .
LANG_ENG Our experienced , multilingual and highly motivated team of globally deployable conference technicians will be delighted to assist you .
LANG_ENG By the late 1980s the computer market was rapidly latching onto the IBM PC and Apple Macintosh worlds , with everyone else pushed off to the side .
LANG_ENG  (2) Regarding services that are to be rendered more than six weeks after conclusion of the contract , INENSUS has the right towards entrepreneurs to modify the prices proportionately in the cases stated above .
LANG_ENG The possible development of our trade relations and economic cooperation through a corresponding agreement should not be simply a response to the nuclear accident .
LANG_ENG Mr Pronk talked about the European social model and the European system .
LANG_ENG The question therefore arises as to whether critical mass has been achieved , and it is to that that we expect answers .
LANG_ENG In 1997 , the German Association of Interior Designers awarded the first prize to Kusch + Co for its interior decoration concept of the 1,500m ² showroom .
LANG_ENG There has been much fiddling , in order to justify positions that , if they were explained a little better , would then appear much more qualified .
LANG_ENG You will notice that we have rewritten around two thirds of the text and introduced significant improvements to the document which the Commission enthusiastically submitted to us .
LANG_ENG Please note that this models might be not available at all distributors , contact us to find out if your local distributor has the required tools .
LANG_ENG This has disastrous effects .
LANG_ENG However , as you are aware , the situation has deteriorated drastically recently .
LANG_ENG Lodging is recommended to all those seeking a quiet location , comfortable and civilized .
LANG_ENG To disable TCP / IP networking , uncheck the box next to the Enable TCP / IP Networking option .
LANG_ENG The other essential step is to place resolution of the Israel-Palestine conflict at the center of America " s foreign policy agenda .
LANG_ENG First , it must be more readable and easier to use by consumers , i.e. the general public .
LANG_ENG Iraq &apos;s central government and the Kurdistan Regional Government should protect besieged minorities in the disputed territories of Nineveh province .
LANG_ENG Secondly , the Union must launch two types of long-term action .
LANG_ENG The New Politics of Partnership: Peril or Promise ?
LANG_ENG I strongly fear that all these political and legal instruments are worthless if such injustice still lives on amongst the human beings in this world .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Commissioner , reforming the directive on annual inspections of commercial vehicles is both urgent and vital .
LANG_ENG Let me now turn to some individual points . I greatly welcome your announcement this morning that the information channels between OLAF and the Commission are to be reviewed .
LANG_ENG I feel that it is a great pity that Mrs Gräßle obviously feels it necessary to make personal attacks which really are below the belt .
LANG_ENG Custom ini mode allows you to add any ini files using different locations .
LANG_ENG Microsoft Germany requested a couple of skins from us for an existing ASP.NET Starter Kit . With the help of these skins the look of the community application could be changed and modified .
LANG_ENG The fact that the Community has shared in the costs of re-structuring the economy of the GDR and has provided proof of its solidarity with the people of the GDR in this way is very much to be welcomed .
LANG_ENG What trials did you have to go through in order to be more present on the international scene ?
LANG_ENG Greater involvement of the ACP national parliaments and civil society - through financial and technical support - is needed in order to enhance the ACP-EU cooperation .
LANG_ENG Boa Vista - By bus or with the national airlines , from Boa vista you can fly to Guyana and Suriname .
LANG_ENG For obvious reasons , of course , there is no agreement on where to make savings .
LANG_ENG A rental car is recommended , since we cannot organise the transfer from the airport .
LANG_ENG The Residencial Theresia is a little piece of paradise for people that want to enjoy a quiet holiday in a natural surrounding with warm and friendly service .
LANG_ENG My personal analysis of this is that we are only able to influence the choice of these people to a very small degree .
LANG_ENG We left a small tip but next time I would be inclined to refuse unless we had exceptional service .
LANG_ENG Our concerns have been expressed by successive governments to the British Government .
LANG_ENG That is why the train is now travelling on towards peace , democracy and prosperity throughout our continent .
LANG_ENG The best time to contact Ergon is about three months before the internship starts .
LANG_ENG According to the Greek authorities , this instrument will be managed within the framework of an already established financial system .
LANG_ENG The development of new formulations in particular is a key factor in the commercial success of many specialty pharma companies .
LANG_ENG Private Transfer Services from Bratislava Airport to Vienna or the city center of Bratislava .
LANG_ENG We largely agree on the substance of this issue .
LANG_ENG An interrupted person can no longer speak , the person in this particular case being a woman .
LANG_ENG ... which is best sampled on our terrace (directly off the restaurant) on a warm summer evening .
LANG_ENG On 18 December the Commission flatly rejected that demand .
LANG_ENG Yowea is an aspect of the universal goddess . She is the lively spark of eternity and infinite regeneration .
LANG_ENG The picturesque old town , as well as numerous stores and restaurants , are all within walking distance .
LANG_ENG They are calculated against the amount that you " ve put into the pot divided between the other players at the table .
LANG_ENG Sněmovní street is entering Lesser Town Square at a right angle .
LANG_ENG Let me start by making it clear that we are working for a union characterised by freedom , security and justice .
LANG_ENG David Hodgson has two new blog posts providing information about the Fallout 3 Official Game Guide .
LANG_ENG The qualities: sheet flooring in 2.5 mm and 3.2 mm width .
LANG_ENG In-line processing of extremely thin coaxial cables ranging from 0.12 mm (0.005 &quot;) to 3.5 mm (0.14 &quot;) O.D.
LANG_ENG Thassos offers great alternation of scenes and advantage of the quick and easy access in many non-identical locations .
LANG_ENG With the Wellness Services at Can Verdera you will be able to recharge your body and mind with renewed energies .
LANG_ENG The success of RegIS-Online proves this approach of location marketing to be the right one .
LANG_ENG The data is then parsed by phpCMS as usual .
LANG_ENG As you know , a number of thematic priorities - such as the knowledge economy , social cohesion and urban environment - are set out in the draft Community strategic guidelines .
LANG_ENG Later , years later - as was always the case when we put our minds to it - this company tells us &quot; that really was the reason , but we are on the right road &apos; .
LANG_ENG The fact is that we in Europe are not seen as the good guys .
LANG_ENG To do so , please write an e-mail to SafeTRANS PR &amp; Communikation including your address .
LANG_ENG That has been achieved by a lot of determination by certain individuals , the support of good people in cabinet services and the great support I received here from the European Parliament .
LANG_ENG " Membership Card " and " Card " are defined as the Programme " s membership card , issued and distributed by the Company after acceptance by the Company of the application for the Programme .
LANG_ENG First publication in the Spanish site of Cameraman we describe in detail the workflow that the director Javier Fesser used in commercials for Groupama Insurance , played by Iker Casillas .
LANG_ENG ForumRomanum takes the protection of personal data very seriously and is constantly striving to improve its standards accordingly .
LANG_ENG If you have any new ideas about our shop and items , feel free to contact us with the contact button .
LANG_ENG As you will understand , it is beyond my personal capacities to resolve this problem in any other way .
LANG_ENG I should like to emphasise that for it to bear fruit , an agreement requires the commitment of both partners .
LANG_ENG Cooperation focuses on three priority areas water , health und agriculture .
LANG_ENG I thought I had already covered the honourable member &apos;s question .
LANG_ENG With a superb location in the centre of Corralejo , these well-appointed apartments are just a few steps from the beautiful beach and the best restaurants , shops and bars .
LANG_ENG Detachments of the Argent Dawn are guarding the entrances to the Plaguelands at the Bulwark between the Tirisfal Glades and the western Plaguelands , and at Chillwind Point , a narrow pass leading south from the eastern Plaguelands to the Alterac Mountains .
LANG_ENG In the first case all 24 combinations of the new chart types and their overview information will be printed with 4 charts per page .
LANG_ENG However , the major fault of his report is to consider ultraliberal globalisation as an inescapable reality and as fundamentally beneficial and only to see solutions , as usual , in more Europe .
LANG_ENG In March 2008 , Dow Wolff Cellulosics became the first chemical manufacturer ever to receive the Johnson &amp; Johnson Global Strategic Supplier " s Program Gold Award for Pharmaceutical Excipients .
LANG_ENG In the face of threats of WTO from Canada and the United States , the Commission took it upon itself to negotiate this non-agreement and it is fundamentally flawed .
LANG_ENG Use your stealth to infiltrate a seemingly ordinary Warehouse compound .
LANG_ENG I will leave the details , though , to those of my colleagues who have dealt with the institutions concerned in their reports .
LANG_ENG The democratic opening of Turkey in relation to the Kurdish population is an example of such a development .
LANG_ENG Without doubt these stone circles represent places for burnt offerings which were linked to a memorial cult connected with the burial . The excavation of the large tumulus at Arzhan 2 began in 2001 when slightly more than a quarter of its entire area was uncovered .
LANG_ENG It is incontestably a power with which all the other economic zones need to compete .
LANG_ENG Rose &apos;s failed lobotomy was a hard blow to Williams , who never forgave his parents for allowing the operation .
LANG_ENG In the old Santa Cruz historic district . Free laptop with free wireless online service provided in the room .
LANG_ENG With AIRCHECK , you are investing into the fitness market of the future; competent analysis is the key to an improved exercising outcome and efficient customer retention .
LANG_ENG No , the program is a newly established training .
LANG_ENG We have to win the confidence of public opinion in Europe .
LANG_ENG For these reasons , the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left is fully behind Mr Adam &apos;s report and agrees with his demand that the consultation procedure should be begun .
LANG_ENG invisible wall mounting: 30 , - Euro (The picture floats with a distance of 2 cm from the wall .
LANG_ENG In the 1950s , polyculture was an important characteristic of the farm .
LANG_ENG That is why this resolution reaffirms that Serbia &apos;s future lies in the EU , and encourages the country to continue its efforts towards this aim .
LANG_ENG The Museum of Lighting lets you experience the entire history of artificial lighting . This long story begins with the torch and the oil lamp and evolves over more than 400.000 years to the electric bulb and the LED .
LANG_ENG on behalf of the ALDE Group . - (PL) Mr President , in terms of population numbers , Bangladesh is the seventh largest country in the world , with a population in excess of 150 million .
LANG_ENG  (Parliament rejected the proposal to postpone the vote) 
LANG_ENG It is our playground and an expression of our passion for the digital ...
LANG_ENG Then follow the instructions of the assistant .
LANG_ENG Starter distillates Get to know the definition and the production process of starter distillates .
LANG_ENG Meanwhile , Aliyev &apos;s government neglects basic economic reforms like privatization and land sales .
LANG_ENG That is the reality to which we have to respond , and those are the figures that make it our duty to demand that , in future , employers inform their workers as to how they are to protect themselves against the sun " s dangerous rays .
LANG_ENG Estos datos te ayudarán a transitar el camino correcto hacia tu objetivo . El marketing en buscador puede ser tu mejor aliado si sabes como utilizar las herramientas que él te facilita .
LANG_ENG Barcelona Las Ramblas can also be roughly divided into seedy and non-seedy areas .
LANG_ENG Hotel Seeberg offers romantic stays in the immediate proximity of the romantic castle Seeberg , in the middle of a quiet and rural area five minutes away from the center of a well-known spa town Frantiskovy Lazne .
LANG_ENG Knowledge is a resource that multiplies the more we put it to use .
LANG_ENG Given the implacable divisions within the Council on this final issue of stricter national measures for certain Member States , a third reading in conciliation was inevitable .
LANG_ENG In other words , FYROM is facing a difficult but necessary process of reform , and time is running out if a new civil war is to be avoided .
LANG_ENG Draghi replaced Antonio Fazio , whose corrupt protectionist practices in Italy " s banking sector had both discouraged capital from coming into Italy and depressed the euro .
LANG_ENG More than 800 m2 and indoor entertainment as well as our outdoor park and kid &apos;s pool , all separated by age .
LANG_ENG To my mind , tobacco production and the tobacco industry should not only lose our support but should gradually , but quickly , be eliminated .
LANG_ENG of the Australia and New Zealand Shop . By clicking this box you are agreeing that you have agree to all terms and conditions .
LANG_ENG Some issues are European and some are national but , to be honest , the vast majority will be local .
LANG_ENG Per law , at least 60% of each property should be reserved for gardens and parks . This allows for a lot of space for nature / green areas between the buildings .
LANG_ENG Stewart was born in Mirfield , Yorkshire , UK , on 13 July 1940 .
LANG_ENG What tangible contribution would the new Constitutional Treaty make to the fight against drug use in sport ?
LANG_ENG We make campfires , there is abundance of wood .
LANG_ENG In this situation , how can we accept reducing by one third , in the year 2000 , the appropriations allocated to the fight against AIDS in developing countries ?
LANG_ENG You can unsubscribe at any time by using the scroll button and click on unsubscribe and Go .
LANG_ENG Data Central ® for Inspection can support multiple lines and can be scaled to support your specific production environment .
LANG_ENG Supply of CAD data on CD-ROM , transmission to customer " s server or by encoded e-mail .
LANG_ENG In principle every representative of a European institution .
LANG_ENG Want to be a fan of diashow ?
LANG_ENG Nine months may be a long time for a human being to develop before birth , but it is an extremely short time for a candidate country .
LANG_ENG I should like to qualify these principles by making a few comments on some of the individual issues .
LANG_ENG What has always been a mystery to me: Why do they throw tons of salt onto roads covered in inches of snow without plowing them beforehand ?
LANG_ENG That is the reason why the HoloPro ™ mirror screen is not transparent like the rear-projection screen , but it resembles a dull mirror .
LANG_ENG It is true that the roadmap &apos;s step-by-step approach ultimately seemed to us to be a good solution .
LANG_ENG It is plain for all to see that harmonising copyright in the European Union has become an urgent necessity .
LANG_ENG Comprehensive integration of these groups is in our common interest , and we must take appropriate measures to ensure that it happens .
LANG_ENG SFR Calculator is the successor of our well known product calcPad for Pocket PC .
LANG_ENG The hotel is ideally located , only a few minutes on foot away from the beach and the yacht port .
LANG_ENG By intelligent , I mean varied , and being open to new things and not standing still .
LANG_ENG Article 296 of the EC Treaty stipulates that the production of , and trade in , munitions may be exempted from the rules governing the free movement of goods .
LANG_ENG The most democratic way forward is to negotiate legally-binding protocols to address the concerns raised by the pro-European French and Dutch electorates .
LANG_ENG The twofold increase in labour productivity has reduced average unemployment to eight percent .
LANG_ENG Votes
LANG_ENG " There have been many reports on the newly opened Mercedes-Benz Museum: UN Studio designed the architecture , engineer Werner Sobek built it , and HG Merz developed the exhibition concept .
LANG_ENG Around 760 , Emperor Songdetsen invited Guru Rinpoche , Padmasambhava , from India .
LANG_ENG For example , we introduce rationality and consistency into the regulation of the depths and distances from the coast within which it is possible to fish in such a biologically- , economically- and socially-sensitive sea .
LANG_ENG The new EFF will also provide for more advantageous conditions for scrapping vessels , which was a concern expressed both in your report and that of the Conference of Committee Chairmen .
LANG_ENG The great advantage of this instrument is that it is very flexible , very exact , easy to monitor , and that progress can be assessed very precisely .
LANG_ENG The text that we are going to vote on is also important because it introduces an innovative financial instrument .
LANG_ENG We do our best to respond to your support-requests as quickly as possible .
LANG_ENG I would like to stress that there are non-governmental organisations which can carry out work if they are provided with state support and with EU support , but that often seems to be very difficult to bring about .
LANG_ENG Whether journeying by plane or train travellers now have the option of just switching off from the surrounding bustle any time thanks to the PXC ...
LANG_ENG Not only the scientific dimension , but also the impact of consumer reaction , was simply underestimated .
LANG_ENG Here you will find antique furniture , household removal firms , unusual jewellery , maybe even a partner for life .
LANG_ENG I might say , by the way , that it is a matter of some indifference to me whether these new rules , which are necessary , are instituted under the Statute or by an act of primary legislation .
LANG_ENG A more structural solution would be if the media millions were better distributed .
LANG_ENG Before actually meeting the artist for the first time , Palau showed just how much he already know about Picasso with the publication of his first book about him , Vides de Picasso , published in 1946 .
LANG_ENG Keenser in 2258 of an alternate reality .
LANG_ENG . You are right .
LANG_ENG The fact is that we have still not received full answers on the approval of the Commission &apos;s accounts for 2001 .
LANG_ENG This project is designed to develop our communicative abilities .
LANG_ENG In 2003 , we got EUR 2.6 billion , according to Mrs Hübner , and last year we got 1.4 billion .
LANG_ENG In spite of an increase in the number of training openings in comparison with the previous year , the growing number of candidates could not all be accommodated .
LANG_ENG Monitoring the states of masters , slave configurations and domains .
LANG_ENG And that (by now) is the only thing that counts .
LANG_ENG Their main objective is to provide clients with complex and high-quality legal services to successfully meet their requirements .
LANG_ENG Genieten van de prachtige natuur en gezonde Texelse buiten lucht . Tijdens de rit trakteert de koetsier op verse koffie , thee , warme chocomelk en Texelsekoek .
LANG_ENG We can also alleviate or rid the patient of these symptoms by hyposensitisation , a treatment which involves minute amounts of the allergen (e.g.
LANG_ENG You can now download the fixed version here .
LANG_ENG The Summit has enabled major progress to be achieved in several areas .
LANG_ENG If this fails , then the consumer has every right to demand a price reduction or the cancellation of the agreement .
LANG_ENG That was the idea behind introducing the risk-sharing facility with the EIB .
LANG_ENG So , despite Sputnik " s initial triumph , a decade later the Soviets lost the race to the moon to the Americans .
LANG_ENG By 2019 , total military spending is projected to be $ 8.2 trillion , exceeding by $ 2 trillion the budgeted outlays for all non-mandatory budget spending .
LANG_ENG Load , save and edit your settings ! These settings also include the port and record file settings .
LANG_ENG We can no longer be held hostage by a few people whose sole aim is to work against the general European interest .
LANG_ENG ISO 9001: 2000 certification gives you an additional guarantee , the certainty of finding a range of quality , highly resistant products combined with fast , efficient service ..
LANG_ENG So we propose that when public deficits are judged excessive a fundamental distinction should be made between current expenditure and capital expenditure , between deficits to finance current spending and deficits to finance investment .
LANG_ENG Hence the need to ensure that any use of such substances would not replace the obligation to comply with the hygiene conditions along the food chain as set by Community legislation , and that such use would not make up for prior poor hygiene conditions .
LANG_ENG Politics of Bhutan takes place in a framework of a traditional absolute monarchy , developing into a constitutional monarchy .
LANG_ENG For us Social Democrats , it became obvious that every other member of our political assemblies should be a woman .
LANG_ENG Puma adds a concise notation for the analysis and synthesis of trees .
LANG_ENG I will just say that now the procedure is underway , we are exchanging correspondence with the Greek authorities .
LANG_ENG When would you like to stay at the Pestana Palace Hotel ?
LANG_ENG As regards transitional support , we think the period should be seven years for regions leaving Objectives 1 , 2 and 5b .
LANG_ENG We would all recognize that trade and cooperation between nations is much more likely to bring them closer together .
LANG_ENG Before pharmaceuticals or medical devices become certified for the market , it must be proven that they are effective and that their application benefits outweigh their risks .
LANG_ENG As I said in my speech - and as I also stated yesterday evening - I think that supporting small and medium-sized enterprises is a priority for a number of reasons .
LANG_ENG Quark participates in many industry standards organisations that are collaborating to develop , define , and adhere to open standards .
LANG_ENG Paragraph 22 of this report calls for the establishment of a European sustainable energy agency .
LANG_ENG My thesis , in extremely concise form , is this: if the publicness of the intellect does not yield to the realm of a public sphere , of a political space in which the many can tend to common affairs , then it produces terrifying effects .
LANG_ENG In the Middle East , nine of the 14 countries have a shortage of water resources .
LANG_ENG But it seems to me that it should also be discussed in the context of this debate , as there are so many points of reference with the remarks put forward by Mr Tindemans in his report .
LANG_ENG The majority of the total of 5,000 Group employees in this market work for the UK subsidiaries in the steel business .
LANG_ENG If you ever get an email containing an embedded link , and a request for you to enter your details , treat it as suspicious .
LANG_ENG Monday 10 / 30: Chihuahua (spending the night in Chihuahua or Ciudad Juárez).
LANG_ENG With exciting combination of Boutiques , Gift Shops , Restaurants and breathtaking views .
LANG_ENG There may be an indirect connection between childhood sexual abuse and eating disorders .
LANG_ENG The decision to sign the Constitution in Rome was , for our country , an important acknowledgement of the work carried out during the six months of Italy " s Presidency .
LANG_ENG Take advantage of the all year round specials offers at great value prices .
LANG_ENG Secondly , it is essential , in my opinion , to release rapidly the financial resources for Belarus within the framework of the Eastern Partnership .
LANG_ENG Make sure you read and understand the documentation contained within the limits.conf file before making your modifications .
LANG_ENG The Fathers of the desert wished to carry out faithfully in their lives all the precepts of Scripture .
LANG_ENG There was a second question and that is how the individuals were treated during the summer period , and whether they had procedural guarantees as individuals , as European citizens , or were discriminated against .
LANG_ENG The economic reason is that the financial support assured by the income from this sector represents a major investment which contributes to the economic health of air and maritime transport .
LANG_ENG The bar , L " Équateur , offers a cosy setting for a relaxing drink .
LANG_ENG We should be prepared to take time to make that assessment .
LANG_ENG However , when none of these issues were raised in Hu &apos;s July 1 st speech to the nation , reform-minded Chinese were palpably discouraged .
LANG_ENG The law provides some facilitation of the registration procedure and abolishes registration fees but , nevertheless , the system as such is preserved .
LANG_ENG In this way , and through its anticipated intervention in proceedings , Eurojust is being set up as a higher authority than the Member States , because their chance to come to an agreement on who has authority over proceedings is being taken away from them .
LANG_ENG Our two restaurants , pool bar and bar &amp; lounge cater to every type of appetite , with cuisine ranging from Mediterranean to Oriental not to forget vegeratian propositions .
LANG_ENG I have tabled a question about this , and I should like to know in what other connections the Commission requires such promises of loyalty from independent experts .
LANG_ENG To incorporate your company there is a minimum of one director and one shareholder (the same person can be the director and the shareholder).
LANG_ENG You business can benefit from this experience .
LANG_ENG There are other crossings we have looked at , but that is the one where we can make a specific contribution right now .
LANG_ENG As I said , this was not only down to Mr Miller , though I have pursued it through Parliament .
LANG_ENG For the purposes of strategic personnel recruitment , we therefore assist our clients closely in identifying and selecting qualified specialist and management staff for operational and administrative positions .
LANG_ENG For these three countries our support should also be more concerned with resolving the conflicts .
LANG_ENG Holiday apartment to rent in Jaca , in the complex calles Sasabe in Llanos de la Victoria . Sleeps 4-6 people .
LANG_ENG All documentation falls under the GNU Free Documentation License .
LANG_ENG This Treaty boosts the European economy and creates the conditions for Europe better to play its role in the world .
LANG_ENG DON DANIELE is made of boiled grapejuice which is then slowly fermented in a natural process .
LANG_ENG The Hotel Bellevue is a picturesque mountain lodge-style hotel at the foot of the main ski slope of Harrachov , offering an ideal base to explore the Giant Mountains .
LANG_ENG Q. How long is the Star Alliance Circle North Asia Fare valid ?
LANG_ENG Yang had conspired with the government officials directing the lottery , who were arrested for malfeasance , to fraudulently obtain the top prizes .
LANG_ENG Transparency , subsidiarity , better regulation should not be seen , as sometimes they are seen , as just technical matters; they are political matters .
LANG_ENG She learns fast , and a day without training she considers as lost .
LANG_ENG Refer to the Configuring the Kernel section of the Gentoo Handbook for additional guidance here .
LANG_ENG In case of questions , please do not hesitate to contact Wolfgang Stief by email (stief @ cray-cyber.org).
LANG_ENG The � cole Polytechnique was a place adhering to the French republican ideals and to progress .
LANG_ENG All special requests are subject to availability upon check-in .
LANG_ENG Some of the units have been granted by EU funds .
LANG_ENG &quot; (Speech of President Barack Obama , 11 / 16 / 2009 in China).
LANG_ENG . Please make sure that edit batches which are activated when saving an element don &apos;t contain any commands which create multiple placements when reactivated (such as Polygon Layer Copy).
LANG_ENG Given the very stringent requirements of the Mining Waste Directive and the absence of adequate alternatives today , a general ban on cyanide use for gold extraction does not , for the moment , seem appropriate .
LANG_ENG Indeed , on various occasions , Nyiramasuhuko was said to have let it be known to the Interahamwe that raping the women could be considered as a reward .
LANG_ENG Obama gave up two things that have usually been at the top of the agenda when US presidents meet with Chinese leaders .
LANG_ENG The dire economic prospects for young people and the anger against corruption and excesses of the tiny dictatorial elite lie at the heart of the revolutionary movements and the aspirations of the Egyptian people .
LANG_ENG validate XML Schemas , Relax NG schemas , DTDs and NRL schemas themselves .
LANG_ENG Therefore , I would urge democratic European institutions to use all peaceful means at their disposal to bring pressure to bear on the Castro regime and to force it to release people imprisoned only because of independent thinking .
LANG_ENG There is no doubt that we must all speak up for a no-fly zone .
LANG_ENG Where such loosening of the bonds is still not enough , it may be possible in some cases to arrange an amicable divorce , as happened when Czechoslovakia peacefully divided into two sovereign countries in 1993 .
LANG_ENG We should therefore take a vote in the Chamber on whether the proposals recommending rejection should be voted on before the procedural proposal .
LANG_ENG That is why people had such a negative feeling about the real state of play .
LANG_ENG A high standard service will assure you a comfortable stay , offering you all the facilities of an international structure , as well as a stunning view of the Eiffel Tower from the top floors .
LANG_ENG I therefore hope that in the light of the reasons that I have given and following the unquestionable support of the Committee on Fisheries , this plenary will be able to also adopt the text that is being voted on today .
LANG_ENG Coming a few days before enlargement , I see this Directive as having particular importance .
LANG_ENG Going back to Salter &apos;s Duck , Tony Benn was the Secretary of State for Energy and admitted that he had misled the House of Commons that nuclear energy was safe , cheap and non-military .
LANG_ENG It is also a change for the better that we have meetings in different EU countries .
LANG_ENG To fulfil its objectives , in 2001 the company bought a 6,5 ha large production plant , situated near the river Warta . This allowed to broaden the offer with river boats and bigger marine yachts .
LANG_ENG There is increasing support , in Europe and elsewhere , for the view that sustained growth is possible only with healthy public finances , allowing interest rates to be reduced permanently .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Africa accounts for less than 2% of world trade , and yet , the development round remains stuck on inadequate concessions .
LANG_ENG Lotar Küpper , Mobil: + 49-160-95913950 , E-Mail: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots .
LANG_ENG Back then , the Friedmans made three powerful factual claims about how the world works - claims that seemed true or maybe true or at least arguably true at the time , but that now seem to be pretty clearly false .
LANG_ENG We are using events as an emotional platform to deliver messages effectively , to live personal contact and to enthuse people .
LANG_ENG Wolfgang Fuchs is an experienced , goal oriented and flexible IT-Manager with a strong background in Economics .
LANG_ENG In conjunction with the launch , Eurocopter also announced Phase II of Eurocopter Malaysia infrastructure development . Phase II will see an extension being built to the Regional Maintenance Centre .
LANG_ENG At the end of this month nearly 2 000 people will have completed their literacy studies .
LANG_ENG Hiking , mountain-biking , swimming in crystal-clear lakes , sightseeing in Salzburg , Hallstatt , St. Gilgen , St. Wolfgang ...
LANG_ENG Fianna Fáil instead believed that the ultimate decision over whether a company should be fined would be taken by the responsible Minister for Health .
LANG_ENG Can the course be split over two years ?
LANG_ENG  (DA) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to start by congratulating the rapporteur on this report .
LANG_ENG Given Europe &apos;s cultural diversity , some of these practices , which are alien to the EU &apos;s respect for animal welfare , have begun to take root .
LANG_ENG She passed her childhood and youth in Brno where she graduated from the Conservatoire of Music (at Jarmila Janíčková), and where she achieved her first conspicuous singing success .
LANG_ENG It pains me that due to lack of time I am unable to go into this in any more detail .
LANG_ENG Can this script be used in unintended ways ?
LANG_ENG Where the price for the goods is varied in accordance with this condition the price as varied shall be binding on both parties and shall not give either party any option of cancellation .
LANG_ENG And Projouet came up with a more fancy name , VIDEOPOCHE (jeu video de poche), or pocket video game , actually they almost invented the " POCKETSIZE " word , before Nintendo even used it .
LANG_ENG Indeed , rebuilding the synagogue was a personal dream for Rau , who created the pride of the region from an abandoned collapsing building .
LANG_ENG The Gulf Cooperation Council members have now become the economic powerhouse of the Middle East and North Africa region .
LANG_ENG The President of the United States has wasted a huge amount of political and moral capital , he has dealt a blow to the UN , he has divided the European Union , he has widened the Atlantic and he has made relations with the Arab world more difficult .
LANG_ENG We are all in favour of simplification .
LANG_ENG Not increasing bureaucracy and centralization , but democratic co-operation and stabilization of the civiliansocial structures is the perspective .
LANG_ENG It will play a very important part in the EU &apos;s economic growth , but as has also been pointed out , the free movement of services has not worked as well as it should have done .
LANG_ENG In November 2005 the European Commission responded by submitting a series of eight ambitious legislative proposals , the so-called Third Maritime Safety Package .
LANG_ENG reindeer park , numerous other animals as well as a giant nativity scene .
LANG_ENG Yet , when looking into the future , we also have to take into account the fact that this provides a way ahead especially for the candidate countries , with large areas of agricultural land .
LANG_ENG I wanted to use my vote to reiterate my firm commitment to the fight against poverty , whether against its causes or against its effects .
LANG_ENG You did not see Rousseff holding a press conference , do not read a scathing article of Paul of Tarsus Vanucchi (essse could have used a chain of ...
LANG_ENG It is difficult to make an impromptu estimate of the added value to the consumer that such a requirement might bring , especially as , in the global world , products are rarely manufactured or originate in just one country .
LANG_ENG This cooperation , which was previously intergovernmental - it was actually a government action - has now developed into an interinstitutional matter .
LANG_ENG I would also stress the fact that the Portuguese State has been wasting hundreds of millions of euros in first pillar funds .
LANG_ENG In the last plenary sitting we decided to regulate the rating agencies , we adopted the new supervisory structures for the insurance industry , and the Commission presented a new proposal for hedge funds .
LANG_ENG In the intervening period , which is set to last for some time , they need support for democracy , education , the environment and the economy .
LANG_ENG Motorways Information from the official site of Italy &apos;s motorway-management company .
LANG_ENG If there are to be problems - and sometimes there are problems - it will be around this whole question of the proposal to finance the shortfall in Category 4 with money from the agricultural section of the budget .
LANG_ENG This argument does not hold for a government without its own central bank , in which case it faces exactly the same budget constraint as the oft-cited Swabian housewife .
LANG_ENG And they went and saw where he lived , and that day they stayed close to him &quot; (Jn . 2.38-39).
LANG_ENG What we intend to do is to send our political message to the Council that Europol should be strengthened and founded on a sound legal base according to the EU Treaties in the same way that Eurojust is constituted .
LANG_ENG In Sansomain . the village there is a football pitch , a hen run , a farmyard with sheeps and goats , an ecological garden , fruit trees and cereal fields .
LANG_ENG The simple monumental thought of carved intangible cross placed in granite blocks of monuments was used to create formal and super mortal basis of the reverent area .
LANG_ENG More information about all new features can be found in the TFORMer version history .
LANG_ENG The " Black Square " painted by the Russian artist Kazimir Malevich has brilliantly represented the temporal essence of the 20th century .
LANG_ENG Spurred on by the IMF , Fujimori started an extensive process of privatization , selling off hundreds of state-owned enterprises .
LANG_ENG What have we to show for all this ?
LANG_ENG We bought the necessary tools for the professional disassembly and re-assembly of furniture .
LANG_ENG Thank you very much , Mr Commissioner .
LANG_ENG All participants will receive a T-shirt marked " Finisher " for those participants who classify , and no markings for the non-finishers .
LANG_ENG Therefore , we welcome the agreement reached between these two institutions .
LANG_ENG Israel army seals off West Bank for 48 hours , launches airstrikes against besieged-Gaza ....
LANG_ENG For example , we opened our new Technical Centre in Corona / California in March 2009 .
LANG_ENG This was the work of a handful of blinded ideologists who refused to recognise the reality of the totally failed multi-cultural model .
LANG_ENG It is absolutely crucial that the European Union should demonstrate its effectiveness at this difficult juncture .
LANG_ENG Suddenly my mother seizes hold of my hand and asks falteringly: &quot; Was it very bad out there , Paul ?
LANG_ENG While Montenegro must , of course , continue its efforts , I feel it is only right for it to be granted the official status of candidate country for accession to the European Union .
LANG_ENG Description: Samay Hostel is Sevilla " s newest travellers hostel , located in the heart of Sevilla " s oldest and most romantic neighborhood , " Barrio ...
LANG_ENG In addition to the guestrooms , it features a bar and a restaurant .
LANG_ENG Bruce also said that Qt doesn &apos;t fit their licensing policies because it &apos;s putting the GPL in a place where he would prefer to put the GNU Lesser General Public License so that proprietary development can take place without a commercial license .
LANG_ENG Egypt plays a crucial part , in many ways , in the Middle East .
LANG_ENG East of Glasgow Cross is the magnificent St Andrews Church , built in 1746 and displaying a Presbyterian grandeur befitting the church of the city &apos;s wealthy Tobacco merchants .
LANG_ENG Aid for seeds already exists for rice , chickpeas and lentils .
LANG_ENG Used with konbu to make the essential dashi , these are made by fermenting bonito fish and storing it for several months to develop the flavour , rather like the maturing of blue cheese .
LANG_ENG He &apos;s installed a LOT of carbon fiber hoods and he said this was the best one he &apos;s ever seen or installed .
LANG_ENG I was very proud to be part of the European Parliament " s delegation to Afghanistan to support their first parliamentary elections .
LANG_ENG In applying a multidisciplinary approach , this will involve NGOs as well as law enforcement services and I believe that it is necessary to promote closer dialogue between the NGOs that act in this area and the law enforcement authorities .
LANG_ENG This range includes three and four wheels models from 1.3 to 2 tons .
LANG_ENG Along with the living quarters , there were also stables in the castle , and large cellars .
LANG_ENG A few years ago , their speaker occupied important positions within US diplomacy; he is now a key figure of the New York establishment .
LANG_ENG His call for immense deficits even once the economy is back to normal , funds are returned from the financial bailouts , and the US is out of Iraq - is simply irresponsible .
LANG_ENG This not a simple challenge , and meeting it will be fraught with difficulties: but no one said that building Europe would be easy .
LANG_ENG  (FI) Mr President , hopefully we will soon conclude the cooperation agreement between the European Union and Russia .
LANG_ENG The Lisbon Strategy is the best instrument at our disposal for modernising the European economy , for boosting employment , for creating more jobs and for delivering social cohesion .
LANG_ENG The narrow view focuses exclusively on terrorists and terrorist acts , on tracking down the former and preventing or punishing the latter .
LANG_ENG As a result of the successful activity , the owners later expanded the portfolio by investing in various industrial segments .
LANG_ENG The aim of this report is to find safety measures facilitating a balanced combination of direct and indirect taxes .
LANG_ENG The results were always good during our research of the casino .
LANG_ENG But we involve them all .
LANG_ENG That has already been done , and that will be the last time for this year .
LANG_ENG In Level 2 , which may take place in addition to Level 1 , the producer can prove cleanability by means of a rapid test .
LANG_ENG Nevertheless , an element of flexibility was introduced to allow the funding of other players in duly substantiated cases .
LANG_ENG Linux users can get SVN from Tigris , or possibly as package from your Linux-distributor .
LANG_ENG In the next days , we will publish the lectures and presentations of the workshops to everone .
LANG_ENG But he has kept that last episode on the books , and he continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
LANG_ENG At least 150 , and perhaps as many as 200 , listed firms have been privatized .
LANG_ENG Their robust construction using high quality materials ensures a long service life and maximum operational efficiency , cost effectiveness and uptime .
LANG_ENG In most cases , however , it is more efficient and economic to conduct an evaluation workshop with OTRS Inc . Our consultants explore your requirements for mapping your service processes , roles and functions in close collaboration with you and map them exemplarily on our software solutions .
LANG_ENG Nonetheless , in the conciliation procedure Parliament did manage to ensure that the new directive requires the European Commission to submit a report by 31 December 2012 in which it also proposes measures for further opening up the passenger rail market .
LANG_ENG But don &apos;t expect that codec to be available soon .
LANG_ENG However , although the centre is compact the tangle of streets , arcades and squares can be a little confusing .
LANG_ENG The optical highlight of the new Red Bull Arena is the spectacular roof construction with its integrated flood-light facility .
LANG_ENG Under Windows , scrollbars have been added to the text window for Packager messages .
LANG_ENG That is why I am against paragraphs introducing so-called &apos; reproductive and sexual rights &apos; which are simply trying to win our support for abortion .
LANG_ENG At a time when money should be used to meet the needs of men and women , the needs of society , the Michelin case is a symbol of the tyranny of the law of filthy lucre over the economy and over individuals .
LANG_ENG The debate is closed .
LANG_ENG However , before Grathon could complete the recording for Sisko and Garak , he was involved in an altercation in Quark &apos;s with the proprietor and M &apos;Pella , one of Quark &apos; s Dabo girls .
LANG_ENG However , at a time of financial crisis and difficulties in many Member States , I do not think that it is appropriate for us to be spending millions of euros in this manner .
LANG_ENG Looking for the elegant stay in Kaunas ?
LANG_ENG This statistic is based on the 6819 using ecommerce sites (eshops , distributors , comparison sites , ecommerce ASPs , purchase systems , etc) downloading this ICEcat data-sheet since 21 Feb 2008 .
LANG_ENG One of the most popular billiard table in this class is New England which is supported (like other our tables) by WPBA- World Pool Billiard Association .
LANG_ENG This really is our only possible goal , but we must see the obstacles too .
LANG_ENG He invented matrix mechanics , the first formalization of quantum mechanics in 1925 .
LANG_ENG We must go to the conference with strong positions and clear ideas certainly , but also with the absolute aim of sharing our efforts fairly among , first and foremost , all the industrialised countries , which must accept equivalent emissions reduction targets .
LANG_ENG In Europe as we know it today many of the artists who produce original works of art do not receive a percentage of the price which such works fetch once the artist has sold it .
LANG_ENG The abolition of the death penalty also expresses that view of the equal , unique and inviolable dignity of mankind which has its deepest roots in the Judaeo-Christian ethic of our Western civilisation .
LANG_ENG EXPLANATIONS OF VOTE
LANG_ENG Our estimation is that there are some old models of vending machines that are more difficult to adjust , but the majority of new ones can be properly adjusted so that they can take the correct coins .
LANG_ENG If you prefer cross-country skiing , you should be satisfied with the ski run beautifully situated in the highest part of Karpacz .
LANG_ENG In order to test if a specific image conforms to its specification , it is necessary to formalize the IODs , their required and optional attributes , including the associated natural language conditions .
LANG_ENG  (Parliament adopted the resolution) 
LANG_ENG Brussels has become home to thousands and thousands of Europeans .
LANG_ENG Event which , this year , will take place from the 18th to the 25th of April .
LANG_ENG Such a package could include , , support for elections , election observation , ceasefire monitoring and the necessary technical assistance .
LANG_ENG To buffer the high current which occurs during sending (up to 1A) the systems has a 1.000µf Cap .
LANG_ENG Andy C &apos;s record label RAM Records was started with Ant Miles in 1992 and is based in Hornchurch , Essex . Ram Records consists of DJs and producers: Shimon , Red One and Moving Fusion .
LANG_ENG Reduction for E-KU students: 10% for the certified translations of Certificates , Diplomas or other documents connected with studies .
LANG_ENG Participants in the market are therefore obliged to make the appropriate investments and improve the capacity of their distribution networks .
LANG_ENG Thames measurement tonnage is another volumetric system , generally used for small vessels such as yacht s; it uses a formula based on the vessel &apos;s length and beam .
LANG_ENG We are continuing to work with all the channels we know of , but we do not have access to the prison .
LANG_ENG The loss is still blamed on the Xiang River Battle , the Army " s first big engagement of the March .
LANG_ENG Welcome
LANG_ENG Furthermore , the fact that it took three days for these experts to get into Germany is a scandal , and one that we must be critical of in this House .
LANG_ENG Whitespace characters may never appear within special character sequences in a pattern , for example within the sequence (?
LANG_ENG This gives Parliament other possibilities of involvement in the process .
LANG_ENG - Adequate terminology Translated text is sent back to the Client only after having been completely checked and inspected .
LANG_ENG I find the patience to accept what cannot be changed , the courage to change what can be changed , and the discernment to know the difference between the two .
LANG_ENG Conformiq presented the leading Automated Test Design ™ tool Conformiq Qtronic ™ .
LANG_ENG Hurry to say that , as思Itsukimasen another topic .
LANG_ENG The empty seats can be seen as representing all the predatory fish that have disappeared from the world &apos;s seas in the space of around 50 years .
LANG_ENG I personally met with the Foreign Affairs Minister of San Marino within the last ten days and we had a very worthwhile exchange .
LANG_ENG The European Union has put the terrible Panzer divisions , the gas chambers - all of that - behind us .
LANG_ENG However , as the times get averaged over different users , these factors become less important .
LANG_ENG STOCKHOLM - Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin recently announced that Russia , Belarus , and Kazakhstan have abandoned their separate talks to join the World Trade Organization .
LANG_ENG That is the way to re-engage the electorate with the European Union .
LANG_ENG Two important elements from our point of view have been dropped and we therefore find ourselves obliged to vote against the report . Policy goals are not clearly stated and the wording in places lends itself to ambiguity .
LANG_ENG This is the perfect gift for a mom , especially for Christmas or mother &apos;s day .
LANG_ENG Can I Get a Mortgage Loan ?
LANG_ENG The offence of falsification of records must not negate or obscure the long-term case for reprocessing or MOX fuel assemblies .
LANG_ENG &#91; 33 &#93; Based on data on economic parameters of the world economy and an ideal type measure of globalization , Hirst and Thompson , for instance , arrived at their assessment of the myth of a globalization of the economy .
LANG_ENG Rosenberg also became member of the Thule Society .
LANG_ENG Gabriel and Petra do much of the organization and write a lot of the texts .
LANG_ENG Tessarin Hotel , placed in Taglio di Po , in the heart of &quot; Delta del Po &quot; , is placed in a strategic position to accede to the main streets , near the Romea Road , near wonderful art cities as Venice , Padua , Ferrara , Ravenna .
LANG_ENG For the Arab world , democracy and human rights have obviously never been much more than empty words .
LANG_ENG At check-in all guests are required to pay EUR 150 damage deposit with a credit card .
LANG_ENG After the third meeting of the four parliaments , the province of Vorarlberg chose to have observer status when taking part in the joint meetings of the three parliaments .
LANG_ENG The new Canon IXUS 300 HS digital camera has an exquisite style and is crafted in high-quality stainless steel , and feels comfortable in your hand .
LANG_ENG Notwithstanding the above and save for what is stated below under Modifications , you may print and save the Conditions of Use for your own reference .
LANG_ENG We also were busy and expanded our kitchen , so our chef Andreas can dedicate himself even more to culinary delights .
LANG_ENG From 15th to 30 of April 2010 the Competition commission will hold a meeting on which nominees on &quot; Best investment project &quot; will be announced .
LANG_ENG It is futile to answer this question .
LANG_ENG He has done a very thorough job .
LANG_ENG Tres Cantos Hotel / The Hotel Foxa Tres Cantos Suites and Resort is in the financial district of Tres Cantos , close to Madrid ...
LANG_ENG pinta elements &apos; products are used in ship and yacht building , as well as in aeroplanes , rail transport , and in a wide variety of fields that require equally aesthetically-pleasing and functional acoustic or heat protection measures .
LANG_ENG 13 . Situation in the Republic of Moldova
LANG_ENG Gudrun Ensslin was born in the German village of Bartoloma on August 15 , 1940 , as the fourth of seven children . Her father , Helmut Ensslin , was a pastor of the Evangelical Church in Germany , also known as EKD .
LANG_ENG Only a short time later I already entered the DARC the club OV Donnersberg (Kilo 54).
LANG_ENG Our reservations on this matter do not stem from specific doubts , which we could easily find and which would easily serve to justify our vote .
LANG_ENG Countless millions watch on TV not only people killed and wounded but also nature destroyed , poisoned , going up in flames .
LANG_ENG Galway is a medieval city that is rich in culture .
LANG_ENG Houses were erected two-storeyed - for bolshego heat and comfort .
LANG_ENG The FRONTEX agency must play an ever-increasing role in the process of improving the monitoring and control of Romania &apos;s external borders , representing more than 2 000 km of the EU &apos;s external frontier , in other words , the Schengen area &apos;s future external border .
LANG_ENG I would ask the Members of this House to consider the case of the northern cod stock off Newfoundland which provided 200 000 tonnes of fish every year for five centuries .
LANG_ENG Anyhow , the complete album &quot; The Secret of Life &quot; from 2004 has been available on iTunes for quite a while already .
LANG_ENG Frida Kahlo (July 6 1907 - July 13 , 1954) was a Mexican painter of the indigenous culture of her country in a style combining Realism , Symbolism and Surrealism , an active communist supporter , and wife of the Mexican muralist and cubist painter Diego Rivera .
LANG_ENG I stayed at the hotel just for 1 night , but enjoyed it &apos;s location , comfort , stuff loveleness &amp; good service , pleasant atmosphere , rich breakfast .
LANG_ENG For that reason I was happy to come and speak here at such very short notice .
LANG_ENG 400 m od nas je najveći trgovački centar u ovom dijelu Zagreba , Garden Mall , a na 600 m od nas je i veliki Super Konzum , te na 1200 m Kaufland .
LANG_ENG Room Notes: Superior Double / Twin: Double or twin bedded room , with ensuite bshower and bath .
LANG_ENG We need to eliminate formal requirements .
LANG_ENG Boarding schools in New Zealand are modelled extensively upon the English-speaking school system .
LANG_ENG Por último , darte las gracias por compartir tus conocimientos .
LANG_ENG The hotel has 83 rooms distributed in 4 plants , many of them apt for 3 , 4 and up to 5 people , 24-hours reception service , lift , Internet Corner and restaurant with a la carte service and daily menu .
LANG_ENG I think we are deluding ourselves if we say that it is just a problem for the developing world .
LANG_ENG Benitez was asked what would happen to that area if allowed and encouraged the construction of a cement plant in an area that he said , is within the National Park Haitises .
LANG_ENG The team did everything they were told to .
LANG_ENG What happens when I order SDL software from Translationzone ?
LANG_ENG The city of former fisher &apos;s counts approximately 1000 inhabitants .
LANG_ENG We have seen that .
LANG_ENG All too often the cries of those people whose economy depended on tourists and whose contribution to the economy was worth six times that of the farmers went totally unheeded .
LANG_ENG In addition , LPG can more quickly erode spark plug electrodes , resulting in unwanted performance issues and shorter overall plug life .
LANG_ENG The Commissioner is beyond reproach in this; it is the Council that is the legal body with responsibility for this and it cannot manage to lay down a regulation .
LANG_ENG Nothing is self-evident or assumed , everything has a story: empty rows of tables and chairs , books standing in a row , various architectural styles , overlapping historical epochs .
LANG_ENG Unilateral amendments shall not be valid .
LANG_ENG Our business philosophy is reflected in each one of these , which means we can offer the same quality of service , regardless of which part of the country the client is located .
LANG_ENG The water is refreshing , invigorating , and gives energy .
LANG_ENG It maintains several intelligence wings that have carried out operations , including Force 17 , the Hawari Special Operations Group , Tanzim and the Al-Aqsa Martyrs &apos; Brigades .
LANG_ENG Great hotel for a great price . The location is as good as it gets .
LANG_ENG Next session of UN Human Rights Commission
LANG_ENG Click on " Yes " , and the next time you open Google Earth up you will be able to go directly to the destination via the " Austrian Destinations " icon on your desktop .
LANG_ENG These measurement values are calibrated and post-processed according to the extensive features of the analysis system MovXact .
LANG_ENG This way foreigners can have confidence in the center and the teachers , and know that their teacher is there with the approval of the Tibetan religious community .
LANG_ENG A single currency cannot reflect accurately the state of 17 - or eventually 27 - different economies .
LANG_ENG They gave the game away in their interventions .
LANG_ENG Why not require quality standards on a global level , and therefore demand the same rights and the same responsibilities of all economies and businesses ?
LANG_ENG In the case of Iraq , we had to prepare ourselves for a major military offensive , which according to the &apos; Washington Post &apos; could have cost the lives of 10 000 Iraqi citizens .
LANG_ENG In Austria , for example , the equity capital of the gastronomy industry is only 1.75% .
LANG_ENG ... Read More This fully air conditioned hotel offers all the necessary comfort to relax after a long day discovering the city .
LANG_ENG I am convinced that by this unprecedented violation of the territorial integrity of a neighbouring country , and by annexing parts of its territory , the Russian Federation has lost the moral and political justification to host the 2014 Sochi Olympics .
LANG_ENG Concerns in relation to data protection law are simply brushed aside in the fight against purported terror .
LANG_ENG The Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs recommends that the Council should approve the two countries joining the Schengen area .
LANG_ENG The reactionary character of the guidelines in the Commission proposal goes beyond the framework of the positions and competences of the European Union included in the Treaty of Lisbon , as the Euro-Constitution is now called , and this is an insult to the peoples in the Member States .
LANG_ENG It has the potential to benefit from this increased trade and I ask the Commission to ensure that it does so .
LANG_ENG We also welcome the ECB &apos;s comments with regard to the necessary structural reforms in the Member States that it is constantly calling for .
LANG_ENG Co-maintaining Isabelle / HOL-Z , an integrated proof environment for the Z formalism; see the HOL-Z hompage for more information .
LANG_ENG Both are availabel as single or with me in a double pack for a hot threesome .
LANG_ENG In this context , the European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia in Vienna will have an important role to play , especially when it comes to cross-border efforts .
LANG_ENG If , for example , farmers are only able to earn EUR 1.25 per kilo of pork , then everyone wonders how the production costs can be covered .
LANG_ENG To open the product information sheets you need the Adobe Reader .
LANG_ENG Today , the EID promotes discourse between European key decision-makers from within and beyond the borders of the European Union . In this , the EID makes ample use of Vienna &apos;s perfect position as venue for conference and convergence between East and West .
LANG_ENG According to a report from the government it ' s an increase of 10% compared to 1999 .
LANG_ENG returns an error , there are no more results .
LANG_ENG The kiosk tool will do this for you if you click &quot; profile properties &quot; and browse to a new folder .
LANG_ENG For the unstable distribution (sid) this problem has been fixed in version 4.5.14-6 .
LANG_ENG Short trailer about the most comfort lodge in the Pantanal region .
LANG_ENG Further updates continue to be made available on the XQuartz Update Page .
LANG_ENG The texts and photos provided can be used free of charge as part of the editorial coverage of Holmenkol (http: / / www.holmenkol.de /).
LANG_ENG on behalf of the UEN Group . - (PL) Mr President , Commissioner , Mr Kouchner , Russia is not complying with three of the six points in the agreement negotiated on our behalf by President Sarkozy .
LANG_ENG The remaufacturing processes are automated , which makes Budweg Caliper A / S able to continuously reduce the percentage of the failures , although this rate is already very low .
LANG_ENG In this case , sqrt (e / m) when m tends to zero , e / m tends to infinity , and sqrt (infinity) = infinity .
LANG_ENG I have not had the pleasure of working with her before .
LANG_ENG Also this year EMCO-TEST is exhibiting at numerous Trade fairs .
LANG_ENG At Vega " s refurbished hall you will find a bar and an internet point you can use free of charge .
LANG_ENG User input in the help viewer was passed unsanitised to the eval () function , which allowed injection of arbitrary web code .
LANG_ENG Q2ID provides intricate details of the content within the QuarkXPress document to be instantly re-created within InDesign .
LANG_ENG In countless cases , no action was taken or if it was , it did not lead to any result .
LANG_ENG The women were demonstrating what their lives had been like before the bridge " s opening .
LANG_ENG We were going to become the world " s most dynamic and vibrant economy , with full employment .
LANG_ENG In the veterinary clinic the diagnosis was a twisted testicle with colic like pain . Dr. Friedrich von Saldern was forced to remove a testicle .
LANG_ENG A kind of cultural revolution has thus taken place in Europe .
LANG_ENG It was a premier concert , where both were heartily cheered by the audience .
LANG_ENG But we need to focus all our efforts on how we can minimise the effects of the rapid growth within this sector on the environment .
LANG_ENG The 21st century is not the century of non-transparency and that is not what the European people deserve , nor is it what is deserved by a sector that has proved itself to be responsible .
LANG_ENG If one wishes to depart from Sandvik on Öland , Oskarshamn or Kalmar or another harbor , this is perfectly alright .
LANG_ENG But it is .
LANG_ENG This protects them from damage and they can be easily removed when being replaced .
LANG_ENG Let me turn now , though , to Mrs Hulthén &apos;s report on climate change , which is excellent and for which I thank her .
LANG_ENG Acquaint yourself with Vienna &apos;s culture as you stroll through the old city .
LANG_ENG We accept that they have the potential to be a force for good in Nigeria , but they must accept greater responsibility in response to the latest crisis .
LANG_ENG This would be the clearest sign of his intention to put reform on the right track .
LANG_ENG However , bear in mind that the circumstances in which the measurements took place may differ a lot from those of the user .
LANG_ENG In this connection , I had the pleasure a few days ago in Brussels of meeting a delegation headed by Mrs Gurmai .
LANG_ENG Is it the other commissioners ?
LANG_ENG This House decided , after long discussions in connection with the BSE crisis , that this is something which we simply do not want .
LANG_ENG The topic leads to much discussion , on the one side , the belief that the caffeine content of coffee is unhealthy and on the other side , new scientific studies that show that moderate caffeine consumption is beneficial on many levels .
LANG_ENG Nigeria " s first attempt since independence in 1960 to transfer power from one civilian government to another has just ended - farcically .
LANG_ENG Whilst sectoral budgetary support can really target health systems , it is hardly used in sub-Saharan Africa .
LANG_ENG This results in the design of strategic and decision-making plans revealing to property owners their full scope of options for the valuation and profitable utilisation of their ground rent properties , and for enhancing their value .
LANG_ENG We need both to make it easier to obtain cross-border licences for audiovisual works from collective authors , and to release the archive of audiovisual works of uncertain copyright in the case of so-called orphan works .
LANG_ENG Listen Again to hear Structured Content and Personalization techniques from SDL , SDL XySoft and JustSystems .
LANG_ENG Igls has been imitated a lot but no one came up to , but you can reach the sympathetic village very easily .
LANG_ENG The final criticism that may be made concerns the delays in payments , a recurrent problem which the Commission does not appear to be capable of resolving or putting a stop to .
LANG_ENG By making use of the various levels of the cellar , we can largely avoid having to pump the wine so it can develop gently .
LANG_ENG We recommend that users read and follow the Safe Computing Tips promoted by the CERT ® Coordination Center .
LANG_ENG From PowerBook Wallstreet to early PowerBook G4 Titanium - they all have VGA .
LANG_ENG We have our own design office with highly qualified engineering personnel , which uses the newest 3D programs .
LANG_ENG Means of an individual defence for works in ...
LANG_ENG - permanent updating of your venue &apos;s events , new features , ...
LANG_ENG His imprisonment is the product of an illiberal legal system , the abolition of which Turkish democrats are fighting for , a legal system which has made hundreds and hundreds of citizens suffer .
LANG_ENG eheh , one wonders how they could think of to send free movies without having paid the royalties when just much , much less to be accused of piracy ...
LANG_ENG 1.Within the framework of the Webspace-Packages , offered by the provider , the use of trafficintense contents is forbidden .
LANG_ENG This is pretty much how I first got into writing .
LANG_ENG After the simple registration , can write ads , on the marketplace , parts or used cars categories .
LANG_ENG Unique foot support contributes to the patients comfort and allows the patient to change position with the minimal amount of effort .
LANG_ENG There is no need for me to emphasize how difficult and complex German reunification was in its entirety .
LANG_ENG If Jean-Marie Le Pen had said these words in the building of the European Parliament delegation in Germany , then depending on which side of the door he was standing , he would or would not have enjoyed immunity .
LANG_ENG Also in February is the Six Nations Rugby Tournament &#91; 41 &#93; which brings together France , England , Ireland , Scotland , Wales and Italy .
LANG_ENG In this respect , I would like to thank Parliament for its support for the provision of a total of EUR 4.6 billion for the period 2000-2006 for this chapter .
LANG_ENG I think that we should not give in to this regime at all until it accepts the demands of the international community to respect human rights and the sovereignty of neighbouring states .
LANG_ENG It is also a tourist attraction , particularly within the city of Paris .
LANG_ENG You can however contact us , to obtain N ° of FOLLOW-UP PARCEL so that you can start yourself earlier a complaint !
LANG_ENG NATO is getting ready to bomb Serbia .
LANG_ENG Youth labour mobility will be promoted in particular through a new EU job mobility scheme , Your First EURES Job , which was launched with the support of this House and the Council .
LANG_ENG fifthly , it calls for measures to limit consent from users , a major issue which I shall now discuss .
LANG_ENG The database is open to all the members of the SEVAL .
LANG_ENG In the solar system , the Sun has captured 99.86% of the total mass of dust and gas from the original nebula .
LANG_ENG It will depend on the governments whether or not this subsidy is requested .
LANG_ENG We have to demand that it is !
LANG_ENG I would say in reply to Mr Silva Peneda that , although the European Union and the Commission actively promote such standards , developing countries criticise us on this subject , interpreting our demands as a form of protectionism in disguise .
LANG_ENG But be aware , malware found by google can be seen as rather aged , and is not a suitable metric for the quality of a defending software framework .
LANG_ENG You can see the area is being improved though (police presence).
LANG_ENG You do not need to wait for the Commission .
LANG_ENG The debate is closed .
LANG_ENG By favour of Perfect Dental dentistry the perfect smile is no longer an unreachable dream , but a realizable aim .
LANG_ENG On average , one quarter of Member State governments are composed of women and a little over one fifth of their parliaments .
LANG_ENG Finally , policy reforms that are imposed by multilateral lenders are rarely conducive to desirable outcomes .
LANG_ENG He was born in 1980 in Grieskirchen , Oberösterreich (Austria).
LANG_ENG The constitution is primarily intended to strengthen central government , without which this country , divided between ethnic groups and torn asunder by decades of warfare and Soviet occupation , has scarcely any chance of building itself into a nation or of normal development .
LANG_ENG This is why the European Radical Alliance group has decided , by a majority , not to take part in the vote .
LANG_ENG The situation of AIDS in Africa now is so serious that more people are dying of AIDS than are dying in conflict .
LANG_ENG The New Ultimate Fighting Championship distinguishes itself from the controversial spectacle of the last decade: The first event produced under new ownership and management was February 23 , 2001 .
LANG_ENG Did you like this site ? Then , send a recommendation .
LANG_ENG The Bologna Process , the Copenhagen Process and other such initiatives are good examples of this .
LANG_ENG His latest professions of friendship for his fellow dictator , Saddam Hussein are no doubt in keeping with what we know about the Belorusian leader .
LANG_ENG This has led and is leading to an ever greater need for supervision .
LANG_ENG Yes , Europe can play a role and Europe can do things that are positive .
LANG_ENG The course fees are monthly , payable at the beginning of each month .
LANG_ENG Iran &apos;s Judiciary should block the execution of Ehsan Fattahian , scheduled for November 11 , 2009 , and revoke his death sentence .
LANG_ENG Location , train station close by , helpful friendly staff .
LANG_ENG Participants work on a project during the Spouses Service Project at the 2009 International Assembly .
LANG_ENG on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - Mr President , I would like to congratulate Mrs Laperrouze .
LANG_ENG CLEAR440 delivers near-natural sound with instant wireless communication between your hearing aids .
LANG_ENG Just across from this very attractive spot , you will find an indoor and outdoor swimming pool and a lovely outdoor playground .
LANG_ENG Fellow Members , these people who were driven out of eastern Thrace do not have documents for their property .
LANG_ENG An EU as a potential military superpower is a step in the wrong direction for a united , peaceful Europe .
LANG_ENG Mr Sjöstedt succeeded in never losing sight of the goal , whilst clearly recognising when the time had come for closure and ultimately also for final compromises .
LANG_ENG It is statistical progress , but it needs to be given more substance if we are to make real progress along the road to the reduction of unemployment .
LANG_ENG I too would like to call for increased funding and I agree with the rapporteur that at least 10.5 MECU should be provided , because I do not believe that a United Europe can be based on a single currency alone .
LANG_ENG Signal speed and frequency shift in RTTY mode are selected via the &quot; Speed &quot; and &quot; Shift &quot; menus respectively .
LANG_ENG &quot; This is why I accepted the invitation to come to the peace symposium . Rotary peace fellows are a fantastic bunch of human beings .
LANG_ENG As far as the Council is concerned , the mandate of the two ESDP missions was reviewed following the investigation mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo in early 2009 with a view to helping to combat precisely this kind of sexual violence .
LANG_ENG If colleagues in this House start quoting the poisonous drivel from The Sun and attributing it , however indirectly as Mr Macartney was doing , to the actions of a party they oppose , that is dangerous .
LANG_ENG Therefore , I fully support the European Parliament resolution on the implementation of the Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA).
LANG_ENG We do not share your email with a third party and you may unsubscribe at any time .
LANG_ENG I know that this is an extremely delicate issue , but we should all be questioning the logic behind this resolution and its chances of being implemented .
LANG_ENG This 5-star hotel offers large rooms with free Wi-Fi and granite bathrooms .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Commissioner , President-in-Office of the Council , I fully share the sentiments of Mr Van Velzen concerning Mr Bolkestein .
LANG_ENG We therefore need to build together , within European and globally - since the response can only be global - convergence and integration strategies that explicitly recognise the fact that dynamic social and cohesion policies are the foundations for the development of our society .
LANG_ENG We hope that our amendments will receive the majority support of Parliament , since they will serve to improve our Community economic and social objectives .
LANG_ENG This is going to the Social Affairs Council on 6 April , and it would be a great pity if the House could not see the usefulness of doing this at this time .
LANG_ENG Innovation policy must be targeted at sectors which are appropriate to the relevant countries in order to achieve maximum efficiency from the use of the funds .
LANG_ENG According to the Commissioner , this force could become operational from 2007 .
LANG_ENG I cannot remember the parameter order of PHP functions , are they random ?
LANG_ENG Betson " s software is part of the Ongame network which one of the world " s poker software leaders .
LANG_ENG That is why it is essential to proceed rationally and on the basis of scientific evidence .
LANG_ENG The Kenyan customs officer further confirmed our hope .
LANG_ENG I stopped studying English in my first year of Junior High School .
LANG_ENG We are committed to Bali as we are to Kyoto .
LANG_ENG We will also gather your personally-identifiable information when you send us an e-mail .
LANG_ENG Wood is a organic material and underlies different criterias .
LANG_ENG This obliges us to speak honestly to the people of Europe .
LANG_ENG Besides , women &apos;s salaries are of crucial importance in the family .
LANG_ENG We look forward to welcoming you !
LANG_ENG The limitations on liability of the preceding paragraphs shall not apply to damages arising from death , injury to body or health .
LANG_ENG Steel Europe meets rising auto industry demands for weight reduction and safety with innovative high-strength steels .
LANG_ENG I studied guitar in New York , South Africa and the Netherlands .
LANG_ENG Both poppy cultivation and processing capacity have , unfortunately , increased significantly .
LANG_ENG Our farm offers all our guests numerous activities both for adults and children .
LANG_ENG U provedbi inspekcijskog nadzora gra � enja gra � evine i uporabljivosti gra � evnog proizvoda gra � evinski inspektor � e sudionicima u gra � enju rje � enjem narediti da u primjernom roku otklone utvr � ene nepravilnosti .
LANG_ENG Here is some of the best &quot; oi &quot; on jamendo .
LANG_ENG Information is now the key to everything , turning us into listed consumers of classified products .
LANG_ENG Furthermore the economic and political stabilization of central and eastern Europe will have a positive impact on the economy of the European Union .
LANG_ENG This structure also mirrors that of Drachmann &apos;s play rather closely , each section of the film thus corresponds to an act or scene in Drachmann &apos;s play , except that the two scenes of the play &apos;s fourth act have been compressed to one section .
LANG_ENG The parish church of St. Michael features a Baroque altar , a work by masters Pio and Vicko dall &apos;Acqua and an icon by the Cretan-Venetian school .
LANG_ENG We would have liked to thank him for the excellent work he has done over many years , and I hope we will see him next week in the Environment Committee to pass on our thanks .
LANG_ENG This is the whole truth about Turkey .
LANG_ENG That is why I have always thought that it was my duty as a politician to concern myself with the Congo .
LANG_ENG Then , of course , we also have the European elections .
LANG_ENG For example , President George H. W. Bush " s National Security Adviser , Brent Scowcroft , made sure that powerful cabinet secretaries had full access to the president .
LANG_ENG Mr Lamy , I am sorry to give you more work , but , as we had announced , we are going to reinstate the question by Mr Zacharakis , which had been reserved for this Question Time .
LANG_ENG It remains crucial to help this country recover from the earthquake , but it is also important that the international community take advantage of this opportunity to help to resolve the economic , social and political inequalities within Haiti .
LANG_ENG Residences in Lido Adriano offer guests plenty of modern services and facilities , such as car parks , laundry and ironing rooms , bikesheds , sports equipments , spacious terraces , state-of-the-art technologies and modern household appliances .
LANG_ENG To what extent to the shopping areas that surround us reflect us , where are the individual differences to be found ?
LANG_ENG The " COIN VALUE " may also be changed from as low as ¢ 1 to a maximum of $ 1 .
LANG_ENG Claims for damages are excluded in the above-mentioned cases .
LANG_ENG The prices quoted by Deutsche Bank in its market-making function will not always correspond to the prices which would have prevailed without such market-making and in a liquid market .
LANG_ENG You can get to Barcelona airport in 30 minutes by car , train or bus .
LANG_ENG After all , the horse tells us the truth about ourselves and , at every moment , mirrors our true personality .
LANG_ENG I think enlargement is another reason why we need to do so .
LANG_ENG Don &apos;t make it an outrageously different colour from the walled area or roof . Being a distant detail , it &apos;s enough to merely suggest that it wasn &apos;t painted the same colour as the walls .
LANG_ENG 1) The warranty rights of the ordering party expect the immediate inspection and complaint of the defective goods .
LANG_ENG Restaurant VIS serves delicious seafood dishes , made with fresh ingredients and combined with high quality wines .
LANG_ENG We must not allow this attempt to succeed , for there are , in Israel too , people who do not want withdrawal from Gaza , and these elements should not be lent support .
LANG_ENG We are talking about a country that last year - not before then , just last year - took two months to return the results of the elections .
LANG_ENG In spite of the progress achieved in this area , the problems of the legal status of non-Muslim communities , of the registration of property ownership and of the training of the clergy remain unresolved at the present stage .
LANG_ENG TubeDownload is an application that will allow for storing videos on the hard disk from the biggest video library in the Web; when we mention this we are referring to YouTube .
LANG_ENG FSFE is following the IGF to ensure that policy discussions will not endanger digital freedom in general and Free Software in particular .
LANG_ENG The famous Madonna of Krumlov from 1393 , that is today placed in the Arts and Crafts Museum in Vienna , especially represents this style .
LANG_ENG Your car is waiting for you at Europcar , so don ' t delay !
LANG_ENG Large conference room is the ideal venue for seminars , company training , presentations , etc .
LANG_ENG However , the path is not strewn with roses . The obstacles and technical difficulties are manifold .
LANG_ENG Great location close to the sea , golf course and places of interest .
LANG_ENG The oldest tournament No Limit Texas Hold " em in Europe , the second in the world after the World Series Of Poker , you go from 9 to 13 April Celte land in the Irish capital Dublin .
LANG_ENG First of all , it must also be considered that all these administrative and control functions have also been some kind of consequence of development in the Commission , where the managerial functions have been evaluated or assessed as a much more important function .
LANG_ENG Much of what has been achieved with the help of the international community is now at risk .
LANG_ENG Our proposals are particularly concerned with the age of oil tankers .
LANG_ENG ) can be easily wiped off . It neutralises hand sweat and also protects aluminium , copper , brass , chromium plated and galvanised sheet metal and stainless steel .
LANG_ENG The terrain is ideal for beginners and learners .
LANG_ENG Thanks to his inherent abilities and the talent bestowed to him by his patron god , Loki (god of tricksters) he is truly feared opponent .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Commissioner , informing and consulting employees is a basic right .
LANG_ENG In that respect , the letter from Chancellor Kohl and President Chirac is most encouraging .
LANG_ENG Unless we balance the books , we will not restore confidence in Europe &apos;s economies .
LANG_ENG Despite considerable progress , the UK Housing Minister has admitted that only 1% of the current housing stock is energy-efficient enough to prevent fuel poverty .
LANG_ENG Drivers: Lucas Di Grassi (Virgin), Nico Hulkenberg (Williams), Heikki Kovalainen (Lotus), Robert Kubica (Renault) and Sebastian Vettel (Red Bull). Q: Gentlemen , how is it to be in F1 ?
LANG_ENG This is not the usual state of affairs .
LANG_ENG In antiquity , the swastika was used extensively by the Indo-Aryans , Hittites Celt s and Greeks , among others .
LANG_ENG Receive CH Music TV directly in your miro desktop tv player .
LANG_ENG Thank you , Commissioner , for your answer .
LANG_ENG The MIMO channel simulator uses a beam (ray) tracing procedure on the basis of a geometrical-stochastic channel model according to COST 259 , in order to simulate MIMO channels in real time .
LANG_ENG Here I hope for the active support of the European Parliament and ask you to focus all your efforts on this and not on an interim regulation .
LANG_ENG Thirdly , I would like to express a wish for continuing constructive and effective unity among EU Member States , European institutions and the international community in this agenda , which is sure to bring positive results sooner or later .
LANG_ENG So by way of example , for six hundred sixty euros (€ 660) &apos; ll get ten issues of partner who will participate in the raffle .
LANG_ENG People can and do achieve , despite severe physical and mental disabilities .
LANG_ENG Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first I should like to thank the rapporteur on behalf of my Group .
LANG_ENG On the same day , the Council met the Lebanese Prime Minister to discuss matters related to the EU-Lebanon cooperation agreement .
LANG_ENG I am personally acquainted with Iurie Rosca , Party Chairman of the Christian Democratic Party , the largest opposition party in Moldavia , as well as with the deputy chairman , Vlad Cubreacov .
LANG_ENG Twenty five observers were also present , more than 80 NGOs , the Red Cross , you name it .
LANG_ENG We suggest that the VIS should be consulted in exceptional cases when there are doubts regarding identity .
LANG_ENG The Commission should make use of this opportunity .
LANG_ENG It is unacceptable , in the 21st century , for a civilian population to be treated as the scapegoat for terrorist acts by Hamas .
LANG_ENG They serve no purpose whatsoever at this juncture , as they were originally designed to target a regime which now no longer exists .
LANG_ENG This is the same screen as is used when creating a new partition , so you can change the same settings .
LANG_ENG Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , to quote the words of a famous Hungarian poet: &apos; Among murderers , he who remains silent is an accomplice &apos; .
LANG_ENG Mr Tajani , I believe the challenge facing us is of vital importance for maintaining the social context .
LANG_ENG Information on materials is linked to application fields here in Engineers Paradise in an intuitive and innovative manner .
LANG_ENG In 1956 Prince Hans-Adam II , like his father before him , entered the Schottengymnasium in Vienna .
LANG_ENG We represent the majority of these firms on an exclusive basis , which means that for clearly defined products and services we co-operate with these companies only . With others among the manufacturers mentioned we have project based i.e.
LANG_ENG However , some of these restaurants / nightclubs like Grass Lounge can be found in the Design District (north of downtown but south of North Miami).
LANG_ENG Tell us how can we prevent girls " , boys " and teenagers " recruitment by illegal armed groups ?
LANG_ENG Following a bad practice that is now established , the parliamentarians of the far left and the Greens keep using the Strasbourg Chamber as a vehicle to attack the Italian Government .
LANG_ENG Die KiK main hall in the Kammgarn is the ideal place for concerts , parties , discos , theatre , fashion shows and presentations .
LANG_ENG It is right for the EU to take over from NATO and a convincing demonstration that we are serious about playing a larger security role .
LANG_ENG As a guest at the Hotel Atlas München , you can expect charming rooms equipped with stylish furniture , an en suite bathroom with floor heating and free Wi-Fi internet access .
LANG_ENG Here , agrotourism does not only offer comfortable accommodation but exquisite traditional cuisine as well . Central Croatia is home to the country &apos;s capital city , Zagreb .
LANG_ENG But after the EU has kept quiet for so long , people will no longer believe that it really intends to hit back now .
LANG_ENG Province: Borndalen all the time vozit with a vacuum cleaner and vacuum cleaners , vacuum ..
LANG_ENG The red and white indication points on the metal mount indicate the spot at which the EF or EF-S lens can be placed .
LANG_ENG The copyright for any material created by the author is reserved .
LANG_ENG Illustrations as well as technical data are not binding .
LANG_ENG There are virtually no limits to the use of STEINEL heat guns .
LANG_ENG When you choose bank transfer to pay , you will get the information of our bank account . After you confirm your order information , please click the &quot; Order &quot; button to create your order .
LANG_ENG El inconformismo femenino en La Bella Durmiente La autora Puertoriquea Rosario Ferre sin duda pertence a ese grupo the escritores que critican la sociedad en ...
LANG_ENG The units offer accommodation for a total of 14 persons , but can also be rented separate .
LANG_ENG Budapest first appeared on the world map when the Romans founded the town of Aquincum around 89 AD , in what is today Óbuda .
LANG_ENG The control system includes all processing levels .
LANG_ENG On enforcement , we find that the provisions on conformity assessment and marking are going to make a difference , as they set clear obligations both on how economic operators show that their products are compliant and on how Member States are supposed to verify compliance .
LANG_ENG The corresponding Code of Practice is ISO / IEC 17799 .
LANG_ENG Hard disks rated for 7,200 RPM normally deliver the data throughput required to enable elaborate audio projects with many tracks and at the same time furnish sample data to VST instruments .
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Campanile Hotel &amp; Restaurant Gouda .
LANG_ENG A second feedback and evaluation meeting will be organized in mid June 2007 with students .
LANG_ENG For us , Arsenal is everything (me-too said Kang Ayi Beutik).
LANG_ENG This is the third consecutive year the Court has found the accounts to be free from material misstatements and reliable .
LANG_ENG The Common Room was formerly the school " s kindergarten during the Victorian era .
LANG_ENG So , in a word , there is no electoral mileage in this one at all .
LANG_ENG Thank you , Mr President !
LANG_ENG We offer textile handicrafts from Åland , clothes in natural materials , exclusive yarns for knitting , a complete assortment of embroidery and weaving accessories , and select gift articles .
LANG_ENG If we have new responsibilities , we must have the staff to carry them out .
LANG_ENG That is also true when it comes to developing the EU &apos;s maritime policy .
LANG_ENG On the task acceptance and on our service Article 4 / 8 of our conditions of application .
LANG_ENG The company has been founded in 2002 in Courbevoie (Paris), France .
LANG_ENG There is no limitation on the number of terms that a Director may serve .
LANG_ENG - Mr Wurtz , I cannot grant you what you want , simply because the balance of power on Amendment 1 was totally different .
LANG_ENG The most basic variations of Poker involve dealing 5 cards face down to each player and proceeding from there .
LANG_ENG Sandymount , a coastal suburb no more than 2 miles south of the City Centre , is another quite affluent area with a park and some fine Restaurants .
LANG_ENG This is a translation) 
LANG_ENG I naturally believe it is right and reasonable to try to curb and dry up the flow of funding to terrorists .
LANG_ENG  (Parliament adopted the resolution) 
LANG_ENG The highest Norwegian environmental standards are applied here as the partners cooperate in extracting these mineral resources .
LANG_ENG is the standard command for copying files .
LANG_ENG As Mrs Schleicher said , it is a tame cemetery for data , that is not really good enough .
LANG_ENG Ipanema Technologies and their partners have developed a full range of services to help customers obtain maximum benefit from the Ipanema System .
LANG_ENG The budget imposes heavy fines on farmers who produce more than their quota of milk , yet the Commission refuses to intervene when large European commercial undertakings sell , and receive EU subsidies for , surplus butter adulterated with lubricants and beef tallow .
LANG_ENG Revision of the directive on waste electrical and electronic equipment should give consideration to goals which are not only ambitious , but which are also more realistic from the point of view of the new Member States .
LANG_ENG Yet this agreement is still a positive one , even if it is only transitional , and it is nonetheless an agreement which will allow us to launch EMU in full on 1 January under the best possible conditions .
LANG_ENG Romano Centro " s in-house library comprises some 1,300 volumes dealing with the history , culture , language and situation of the Roma .
LANG_ENG Basically you cannot do much wrong buying any of the two .
LANG_ENG WHO , WHICH a THAT sa dajú vynechať , keď sú predmetom vo vzťažnej vete .
LANG_ENG I must admit that I am , at the moment , more concerned about the matter in hand .
LANG_ENG Mr President , my comment refers to the point of order I made yesterday , which has been wrongly recorded in the Minutes .
LANG_ENG This means , I want to give some examples of how to use it and I want to get some feedback from people who are interested in the area of non-functional properties , aspect orientation and QoS .
LANG_ENG The list of things to be done was long and has touched the various sectors of activity of the Union .
LANG_ENG on behalf of the S &amp; D Group . - (SV) Madam President , firstly , I would like to express my sincere thanks to Mrs Balzani .
LANG_ENG They implemented forcible collectivization with the removal of livestock and land .
LANG_ENG ... No hay informacion de los detales de su vida , excepto que Bosch se caso a una mujer rica en su pueblo se llama Aleyt Goyerts van den Meervenne quien fue mas ...
LANG_ENG In order to minimise the disadvantages for the egg producers , we could pay transitional premiums for a switch to alternative production systems .
LANG_ENG Completely new project CENTRICO AND WITH ACCESS TO CORRIDOR SUR , shopping centers , banks , cinemas , CLINICS AND EASE OF TRANSPORT . Homes have 2 bedroo ..
LANG_ENG Whether use of temporary tables can be replaced by index access also depends on which parts of an index are used in a query , the conditions specified for these parts , and the selected aggregate functions .
LANG_ENG To see e.g. Arrangements for Wellness Hotels in Bavaria , Wellness Hotels in South Tyrol , Wellness Hotel a Baltic Sea .
LANG_ENG These divertissements brought Jean-Baptiste Colbert to require the arrest of Fouquet for waste of public money and his condemnation for life .
LANG_ENG Who decides to stay at a hotel in Miramare can enjoy the fun opportunities the Riviera offers , along with its traditional warm hospitality .
LANG_ENG If you are looking for holiday rentals in rural Grazalema pueblos blancos in Spain , stay in this new apartment in Arcos de la Frontera .
LANG_ENG British Prime Minister Tony Blair described the Barcelona Summit as a &quot; make-or-break &quot; occasion .
LANG_ENG At this point , it is more important to find out a little about how to issue queries than to jump right in creating tables , loading data into them , and retrieving data from them .
LANG_ENG The most interesting offers from the best sellers !
LANG_ENG If you call from a mobile telephone , the charge may well be higher; you will need to ask the particular network provider what it is .
LANG_ENG We understand how difficult it is to find what you are looking for , so have a range of rental properties , perfect for whether you need to find accommodation suitable for children , a business trip , or a larger group .
LANG_ENG Hey Roger that &apos;s great - I love swiss chocolate - especially creamy milk choc mmmmmmmmm x Do you get free samples for life ! ?
LANG_ENG If I had not already known , her words would have convinced me that we are moving in the same direction , that we are working together in the interest of sport .
LANG_ENG We cannot support the Schaffner report under any circumstances .
LANG_ENG After trying in vain to contact Apple for a clarification , he released torrents of his last album on the Internet for free .
LANG_ENG Within the European Union considerable differences in cancer occurrence do exist with noticeable overall differences evident for all major cancers in the southern countries such as Portugal , Spain , Italy and Greece .
LANG_ENG It is a key area , namely statistics .
LANG_ENG This allows playing a stored message (almost) endless , while the operator sits in the background drinking a cold beer .
LANG_ENG Now , anyone can use placards to express his intellectual stance , and Mr Helmer has done so today , seeming to be the intellectual heir of the people who once held such placards aloft .
LANG_ENG Wood has always been and continues to be a central component in the design and arrangement of man " s living space .
LANG_ENG Do we contribute to the cost of peacekeeping ?
LANG_ENG Germany alone spends more than $ 3 billion annually , or $ 167 per ton of avoided CO2 emissions , which is more than 37 times the cost of carbon reductions in the European Union Emissions Trading System .
LANG_ENG Mrs Theorin referred to what we in Sweden call summer holiday circumcision , which is when girls are taken abroad to be circumcised .
LANG_ENG Booking.com: Novotel Bern Expo , Bern , Switzerland - 171 Guest reviews .
LANG_ENG Available per multiple of 12 bottle (s).
LANG_ENG Currently , there are 180 000 unemployed people in Latvia .
LANG_ENG Our website offers a list of Hotels , Bed and Breakfast and Breakfast in Vecchiano .
LANG_ENG At the sitting of 2 May 1998 , the recommendation of the Economic and Financial Affairs Council of 1 May 1998 was submitted to the members of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy in accordance with Article 109j (2) of the Treaty .
LANG_ENG Unfortunately , I tend to be schematic and then use the points mentally , so I did not lose to &quot; release &quot; different .
LANG_ENG Betway is licensed and regulated by the Lotteries and Gaming Authority of Malta .
LANG_ENG We are a consulting firm in the field of international expansion of leading real estate investors and retail store chains focussing on East-European countries , particularly on the Baltic States .
LANG_ENG The main Airone building recalls the atmosphere of an 18th century Tuscan farm and when you find yourself in this fantastic place and in the midst of the incredibly beautiful natural scenery , you will forget the grey drudgery of your everyday life .
LANG_ENG The same threats were also expressed when the original tobacco directives were adopted in the late 1980s .
LANG_ENG " The May Night " (the night of April 30 through to May 1) is one of the most popular traditions in the Malmedy part of Wallonia .
LANG_ENG The negotiations on this have begun .
LANG_ENG The young designer from Linz has discovered them in bourgeois items of furniture .
LANG_ENG There are , however , ways of minimizing the costs .
LANG_ENG Costa Neves report (A5-0102 / 2001):
LANG_ENG Together we can realise what you " ve always wanted to do ! Our sponsoring packages offer plenty of opportunities .
LANG_ENG Haitians were a hundred times more likely to die in an equivalent storm than Dominicans .
LANG_ENG Let us not , between now and the decisive spring of next year , allow those nostalgic supporters of the nation state to impede the process underway .
LANG_ENG The original area of approximately 13,000 Hectares was expanded in 1997 by 11,000 Hectares to the Bavarian Eisenstein , so that now the area stands as the * * largest National Park in Germany * * !
LANG_ENG An important milestone was also our contract with Konferenspoolen .
LANG_ENG That is precisely what is missing now in the case of the Aegean .
LANG_ENG They are designed to fly aerodynamic ally when thrown with rotation and can be caught by hand .
LANG_ENG Apartments HELAS - Rokytnice nad Jizerou are located in the new recreational center .
LANG_ENG Portanto , em Omaha cuidado com as mãos onde todas as quatro cartas se combinam de alguma forma .
LANG_ENG To respond to the growing calls to help tackle regional and global security challenges , the EU must improve the efficiency and coherence of its external action still further .
LANG_ENG That applies in particular to soil protection , the regulation of watercourses and the local water systems .
LANG_ENG Thank you , Mr Bowe , for your question .
LANG_ENG Before now , the Statute always had to serve as a pretext for such a rule not existing .
LANG_ENG It is that historic duty with which my report is concerned .
LANG_ENG In paragraph 17 of the resolution , we should like to delete the words " government of national unity " and insert the words " transitional government " .
LANG_ENG However , it is also clear that the poor suffer the most , and it is particularly difficult to rebuild poor areas .
LANG_ENG There are good grounds for maintaining the opposite .
LANG_ENG The contest was held within the framework of the activities of the VII International Contemporary Dance Soloists and duets , which will take place from November 28 to December 7 in Culiacan , Mazatlan , Mexicali and Obregon .
LANG_ENG For more than 20 years KIDDINX Merchandising has been successfully licensing classical children " s and family products in German speaking territories and on the European market .
LANG_ENG It is the largest of its kind in Switzerland .
LANG_ENG Person responsible for data protection: after consulting this site data may be held related to identified or identifiable persons .
LANG_ENG Mpb.it has been designed for navigation using the best browser .
LANG_ENG Drugs - NO (as would not sound corny)!
LANG_ENG From the beginning , senior Reagan era officials were wary of pursuing a unilateral response .
LANG_ENG . Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , EU foreign policy ought to focus on South East Europe , and the EU ought to take consistent measures to finish what it started in the mid-1990s .
LANG_ENG It also has no right to be the territory " s or administrative power , under the terms of the United Nations Charter .
LANG_ENG This creation of a Euro-Latin American area has the potential not only to bring positive economic results but also , above all , to strengthen the role of the EU as a foreign-policy player , particularly in respect of the United States .
LANG_ENG I naturally support Mr Tindemans &apos; proposal .
LANG_ENG The dangers associated with incineration in the past have generally been overcome as a result of technological progress .
LANG_ENG The large restaurant offers authentic local specialities of the region and traditional Spanish dishes .
LANG_ENG © 2005 BRP-Rotax GmbH &amp; Co . KG - All rights reserved .
LANG_ENG I am also indebted to the Commissioner for his statement .
LANG_ENG This information changes from year to year and from city to city .
LANG_ENG Tennis clubs , groups or teams can reserve their courts in advance for a very small fee , so if you want to hold a training camp for the season preparation of your club or your team , Lykia World is the perfect place to come to .
LANG_ENG Since 4 . May , 2000: &quot; NGO in SPECIAL CONSULTATIVE STATUS with the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations - ECOSOC &quot; .
LANG_ENG With the government now fully guaranteeing Fannie " s and Freddie " s debts , American taxpayers will have to pay for everything not covered by their creditors " inadequate capital .
LANG_ENG The Bernard currents stimulate the cerebral system and adjust hormonal balance , or in other words - normalize hormone secretion levels .
LANG_ENG What &apos;s your favourite PvE Enemy ? For some it &apos;s Murlocs; what &apos;s yours ?
LANG_ENG Version 4 of DECAdry Express Business Cards introduces the Mail merge facility.This enables you to generate a whole series of business cards using different sets of data contained in a database .
LANG_ENG A successful Single Market should encourage entrepreneurship and remove obstacles hindering the establishment of new SMEs .
LANG_ENG Above , many of these elderly people live on steep hillsides way beyond the village center in miserable , cold mud huts . Food supply is not appropriate .
LANG_ENG The Commission has consistently acted in full conformity with the jurisprudence of the Court of Justice on the role and purpose of infringement proceedings .
LANG_ENG The recent conference of foreign ministers of ASEAN , the Association of South-East Asian Nations , in Kyoto on 6 and 7 May was an opportunity of the first order to discuss all the European Union &apos;s concerns openly and directly with the Burmese leadership .
LANG_ENG Parliament cannot take any relevant steps in relation to Iran .
LANG_ENG Mr President , mortality during the perinatal period continues to be a very disturbing phenomenon , and one that is not justified by the state of medical knowledge .
LANG_ENG So these were peaceful demonstrations calling for more social progress and greater freedom and democracy .
LANG_ENG vous de le sentir et d " agir si elle en a besoin .
LANG_ENG For the last 10 years , European citizens have been going to the courts to fight for their right to go to another Member State for treatment .
LANG_ENG This concerns the new Member States in particular , where this market is developing exceptionally rapidly , providing an increasing number of jobs .
LANG_ENG Without that , we will be exposed to different threats and attempts to divide us , to fragment us .
LANG_ENG Saquarema ? Is it really one of the most attractive towns in Brazil ?
LANG_ENG CCU systems can transfer data via RS 485 bus , so that the whole system can be controlled from a central room .
LANG_ENG All our boats are equipped with  Bügelanchor  or  Ultra Anchor  , witch have proven to hold particularly well in these anchorage-conditions .
LANG_ENG la firma tua è la Zeta ... Zorro ... Your signature is the Zeta ... Zorro ...
LANG_ENG Lady Accessories . Knitted and chrocheted accessories , several simple patterns .
LANG_ENG Everybody will get a slice of the action here , the demanding skiers and snowboarders as well as families with children .
LANG_ENG In the case of &quot; navigation &quot; must buy an additional option on your package Orange (GPS option for 10 € / month) for the benefit of unlimited GPS .
LANG_ENG Under the motto " Sonnenfinsternis " (" Eclipse of the sun "), 13 guest plays of experimental theatre and innovative dance are scheduled from 10 countries in 25 performances and 10 venues .
LANG_ENG The onset of global warming , however , has changed everything .
LANG_ENG On my new scooter I moved the handle bars closer to me by means of turning the handle bars support .
LANG_ENG We need to work together .
LANG_ENG So let me encourage you to concentrate your efforts during the presidency on the constitution .
LANG_ENG One thing is certain: the climate debate is just a minor part of our problem .
LANG_ENG ARBURG &apos;s harshest critics are within the company itself .
LANG_ENG The slave served us a cup of coffee and a glass of champagne and I talked a bit with Kim . After a while she asked if she may fuck me with a strapon .
LANG_ENG Particularly where a contract exists with the customer , VFF is able to guarantee appropriate quantities being available at call in the desired packaging .
LANG_ENG A run-time warning has been added to the debug player in version 9.0.124.0 to reflect that AllowScriptAccess = " never " has been deprecated .
LANG_ENG As a side effect , the rows property of the query-result object is incremented for each successful call to dbx _ fetch _ row ().
LANG_ENG 2 Mini paintings from Björn Baar of a refreshing spontaneousness , ideal in a kitchen or a dining room .
LANG_ENG Here too , although it is spatially or socially a different dimension , the concept of difference collapses within a totaling perspective that harbors the danger of indiscriminately eliminating all that does not conform to this perspective .
LANG_ENG Ebo Systems handrails are installed to improve safety of road users in this tunnel of Chamonix region .
LANG_ENG More than 135 employees serve customers from all areas of industry .
LANG_ENG As a full Professor of Agronomy at the university of Udine , Domenico Rubini was the first who carried out some of the most relevant studies into downy mildew in Friuli and into pest control systems .
LANG_ENG The pictures on the following pages give you an impression of what Seinerzeit is .
LANG_ENG Chancellor Brown &apos;s proposal - an initiative called the International Finance Facility (IFF) - does precisely this .
LANG_ENG First of all , we need an awareness-raising campaign to provide us with background information on , and thereby thwart , the aims of so-called recruitment agencies , the structure of their systems and their wheelings and dealings .
LANG_ENG In the process , Prinect users are always free to choose which path they want to take .
LANG_ENG The highly elastic net pants , vlesi-net pants or vlesi-mesh pants , are ideal for securely fixing the incontinence pads to the body .
LANG_ENG Akira Tagoh (田郷明) reported that the GTK + team has released version 2.2 of the Gimp Toolkit family libraries (GTK +).
LANG_ENG If you use the online form , follow the instructions there .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I should also like first of all to express my appreciation of the sterling work which Mr Bourlanges , Mr Virrankoski and Mr Pittella have done as rapporteurs for the budget .
LANG_ENG Hence , it does not remedy the problem of distortion of competition on road haulage markets , which stems from the significant differences in diesel taxation in the Member States .
LANG_ENG If an account has been abused of without the member having neglected his / her duty of care , the member is not liable .
LANG_ENG A better approach is to think of the longer-term story as being one of changes in relative prices , which are not well handled by a consumer price index .
LANG_ENG In the late 1950 &apos;s the use of light railways declined rapidly as more and more trucks took their tasks over .
LANG_ENG I look forward to this with great excitement .
LANG_ENG Scroll through the previews with the arrows .
LANG_ENG However , there will be no common area without common construction .
LANG_ENG But , while machines work everywhere , managers must abide by local traditions and belong to indigenous social networks .
LANG_ENG The plane I fly now as a F / O is a &quot; bit smaller &quot; than the Embraer .
LANG_ENG They are situated in the mountainous region of Lika , Croatia .
LANG_ENG The precession causes the shift of the ⇒ vernal equinox and the celestial poles , one revolution lasting aboute 25700 years .
LANG_ENG . Given that Parliament voluntarily limited itself in the nature of the Enquiry , there is much to be welcomed in this Report .
LANG_ENG This room is perfect for those who wish to enter thoroughly in the Ladin atmosphere .
LANG_ENG It is located in a natural port composed by the bay , with Cerro Gordo to the West and Punta de la Mona to the East .
LANG_ENG This region is famous for its viticulture and wine making , which have been practiced for 2000 years now . During the summer season there are some wine festivals and the local wine-cellars welcome guests at any time of the year .
LANG_ENG I would like to thank the chair of the Committee , the Committee and group secretariats and the assistants to the Members for organising the voting .
LANG_ENG In particular , I hope it will help us to maintain a thorough assessment of progress in the key areas I have mentioned which we will then measure against clear benchmarks .
LANG_ENG However , bearing in mind the urgency of the situation , we must implement this strategy .
LANG_ENG Bern lies in the Swiss plateau part of the Canton of Bern , somewhat west of the center of Switzerland .
LANG_ENG Some , indeed , have said that the Pact is not dead; it is merely frozen until the rich and powerful countries decide it can be defrosted because their problems have been solved .
LANG_ENG To end on this first point , I would also like to inform you that the programme is ongoing , and that it includes time spent on a farm for staff of the Directorate General for Agriculture and Rural Development .
LANG_ENG Team up with Alkacon Software , the people behind OpenCms , and let us support you in the technical development .
LANG_ENG Its 15 offices in Paris and the regions ensure a close and local relationship while the support of an international network provides a presence in 140 countries .
LANG_ENG Si vous voulez envoyer un billet d &apos;avion , assurez-vous qu &apos;il existe des accords touristiques entre son pays et le vôtre et utilisez plutôt la méthode du &quot; prépayé &quot; .
LANG_ENG Owing to this breadth , we are one of the most experienced document composition and output channeling specialists on the market .
LANG_ENG .
LANG_ENG One of my lifelong personal goals in the area of healthcare has thus been fulfilled .
LANG_ENG 9 . Waste electrical and electronic equipment (
LANG_ENG When File Buddy tells you a serial number is expired , there is an option to have it replaced .
LANG_ENG After sunset , the constellations are shining brightly in the clear sky .
LANG_ENG I regret that once again we have to have a debate on internal politics in this Parliament without having the documents of the Council Presidency on the table .
LANG_ENG A reverse flow protection can be connected for thermostating of open baths .
LANG_ENG SITAB-AB is being assisted by a number of project partners , whose details are listed on the website .
LANG_ENG Instead of the UK Eurosceptics criticising this report , they should welcome it because it will do a lot to help our hard-pressed hauliers .
LANG_ENG Compared to the cost of the room , the ancillary costs like the mini bar , room service and bar were high and not worth taking .
LANG_ENG The appropriations are realistic and necessary .
LANG_ENG Together with Apollo 14 commander Alan Shepard he holds the record for the longest ever moonwalking session (9 hours and 17 minutes).
LANG_ENG Which direction the Union goes in depends , in part , on us .
LANG_ENG I think that the Member States accept this methodology , with the establishment of a high level group of representatives .
LANG_ENG European pressure on President Bashar al-Assad " s regime is intensifying .
LANG_ENG Firstly , I would like to bring Parliament up to date on some of the main issues which I have been concentrating on since I assumed my new role almost a month ago .
LANG_ENG Some of the badges were real jewels , many of them were made in silver .
LANG_ENG It handles a completely turn over in life - one of that kind where you do not know further anymore . So you are forced to think about yourself - who you are and what you are going to do with your further life .
LANG_ENG As leading industry suppliers we are deliberately targeting energy-efficient and cost-effective innovations which permit our customers to achieve an early return on investment " , stated Klaus Helmrich , CEO of the Drive Technologies Division at a Siemens trade press conference prior to the Hanover Fair 2009 .
LANG_ENG Let us imagine for a moment that all of this money were to be invested in research .
LANG_ENG As we all know , when operated effectively Structural Funds play a key role in helping the regions and the people in most need , reviving deprived communities and helping to combat social exclusion .
LANG_ENG However , we in the Liberal Group welcome this because it means we are now settling down to business .
LANG_ENG This is why in Gmunden , youths were also invited to share their views and personal experiences , judgement , and concerns , and to bring in their expert knowledge , which will be part of Quality4Children .
LANG_ENG A break of 30 seconds for every three or four steps and cramp advanced the tip of his nose .
LANG_ENG " No comprendo lo que la industria de bingo británica ha hecho para justificar las acciones de gobierno " , dice el director ejecutivo de Rank , Ian Burke .
LANG_ENG Since April 2004 , Mr. Morstadt is equity partner of Lorenz &amp; Partners and since 2007 Registered Foreign Lawyer in Hong Kong .
LANG_ENG Lastly I would like to mention visa arrangements .
LANG_ENG For the coming winter season the hotel will be completely renovated .
LANG_ENG  (Parliament approved the request) 
LANG_ENG As you know , the EIB already plays a relatively important role in this .
LANG_ENG Existing diagrams can easily be displayed and reused .
LANG_ENG I wish to say a special thank you to him for his exceptional expertise and hard work .
LANG_ENG If the Commission is now looking for a way to resolve this export bottleneck in products that are not covered by Annex I , then it is certainly responding to a need .
LANG_ENG All rooms are equipped with flat-screen TV &apos;s with Movies on Demand , Music on Demand and internet access .
LANG_ENG At the beginning of each eventful day during your holiday in Ischgl , in Tyrol , you can expect a varied breakfast buffet at the Hotel Elisabeth .
LANG_ENG Observe your duty to Allah , and know that Allah is with those who ward off (evil).
LANG_ENG We call on the Czech Presidency to work hand in hand with the European Commission to define and implement , together with our international partners , rules to be imposed on economic operators .
LANG_ENG Chinese multinationals with recognized brands will begin to appear , just as they did in Japan and Korea .
LANG_ENG IMPORTANT Please Note , We are not Licensed &amp; We are a Non Smoking Establishment .
LANG_ENG The regulation is certainly a step in the right direction , but I think the Commission needs to rethink its definition of &apos; orphan medicinal products &apos; .
LANG_ENG We need to mobilise the masses , all the cultural agencies , all the workers , and we need to impose a different policy , one which respects the working man and the fruits of his creation .
LANG_ENG A small Sauna with shower is likewise available , all free of charge .
LANG_ENG Any sound we perceive has three dimensions .
LANG_ENG With nearby République Metro station connected to lines 3 , 5 , 8 , 9 and 11 of the underground network , you should find it easy to get across the city .
LANG_ENG In actual fact , I see this draft Act or legislation as an example of the EU at its best .
LANG_ENG It should be remembered that special intervention units currently operate under the ATLAS network .
LANG_ENG The demand for a different monetary order , as advocated by China , sets the stage for a renewed effort to avoid the international imbalances which were at the root of this crisis .
LANG_ENG Vransko jezero (The Vrana Lake), an ideal place for the sports fishing , is situated 5 km north .
LANG_ENG , the best is to arrive between 10 and 12 am to be able to take the most advantage of the Gorges .
LANG_ENG This , I believe , is necessary in the European Union .
LANG_ENG Industry , the economy and the Member States also all have clear opinions on the subject .
LANG_ENG Upon special order of holidays souvenir pottery sixty instrument they和食Tiffany Accessories wedding gifts baby gifts .
LANG_ENG Thirdly , the USA which the Commission often quotes as a model cannot be a model for Europe .
LANG_ENG Tram lines 11 and 12 also lead in from the west , traversing the city centre in an easterly and north-easterly direction , respectively .
LANG_ENG  (DE) Madam President , today &apos;s debate on the future composition of the European Parliament has unfortunately not been a highlight in the history of European democracy .
LANG_ENG The selection of piano parts is always our customers " choice .
LANG_ENG The percentage of people outside the families who work in the industry is very small indeed .
LANG_ENG My response to that would be that it is serious incidents of this kind that should lead us to persist in the common policy as it stands at present .
LANG_ENG Processing of legal proceedings: quick trials for the crime; report; Destination of instruments and effects of crime; precautionary measures , and procedural performance management entities .
LANG_ENG Many of us wish to see positive progress in the development of the Union &apos;s relations with Turkey , and it is most important therefore that obstacles to the provision of EU financial aid for Turkey are removed as soon as possible .
LANG_ENG Information is power , and today a much larger part of the world " s population has access to it .
LANG_ENG We need to anchor the measures in economic policy .
LANG_ENG That does mean: Batch 2 should be finished by Christmas .
LANG_ENG Since I began to prepare this report , I have been calling for a complete reorganisation of the Commission &apos;s services , which would signal , from this moment on , a new beginning for European tourism .
LANG_ENG For production to take place at all , the energy required in a paper mill , which can rise to 100MWh at peak load , has to be distributed correctly and efficiently to the right machines , in the right quantity , at the right time .
LANG_ENG  (DE) Mr President , I have a question for you , Mr Farage .
LANG_ENG This programme covers not South Africa , but eight neighbouring countries .
LANG_ENG We need them more every year , not less .
LANG_ENG On board all Czech Airlines aircraft , we will offer you complimentary newspapers and magazines .
LANG_ENG The international distribution network of INTENIUM and complete coverage of the entire value chain - from concept elaboration to development and distribution - are the cornerstones of the dynamic business development and the increasing success of INTENIUM .
LANG_ENG 1si1 offer free domains to choose a hosting package !
LANG_ENG It would be untenable to impose a strict regime of regulations and controls on our own fleet while allowing vessels from other nations to plunder the seas unhindered .
LANG_ENG UNMIK , of course , was not established to carry out the orders of Slobodan Milosevic and does not do so .
LANG_ENG Following this test period of 30 days or less , if you wish to continue to use SEO Altimeter , you MUST register .
LANG_ENG A friendly , knowledgeable and courteous staff awaits to make your visit a memorable one .
LANG_ENG Their stories can therefore usually be found in textbooks concerning language development , such as the excellent Language Development in Exceptional Circumstances .
LANG_ENG The invoice shall be issued after receipt of the order .
LANG_ENG These observations form the basis of my opinion .
LANG_ENG The working temperature for steam is limited .
LANG_ENG If you use Internet Explorer , you will be able to recognise a secure connection when the lock pictured appears in the right-hand corner of the status bar .
LANG_ENG shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 17 of Directive 89 / 391 / EEC .
LANG_ENG Vitello supplies your order by parcel supply in Austria within 4 working days to your home .
LANG_ENG Environmental inspections are vitally important .
LANG_ENG After all , that is how the European Union was created , taking one step at a time , knowing full well that additional steps would be required .
LANG_ENG ROG GmbH is your Partner for Business Continuity Management (BCM), Disaster Recovery Management (DRM), Business Impact Analysis (BIA), Risk-Assessment (RIA) and BCP and DRP as well .
LANG_ENG You can see that there is an enormous range of issues .
LANG_ENG If you enter values directly to the PS1 variable in the current session , as fixed without them mantedran only during the current session of the console commands , so when you leave this meeting and go into another will not reflect any change .
LANG_ENG The whole movie in one link !
LANG_ENG We also agreed that it would be best to hold this discussion in parallel with discussions on France and Germany and the excessive deficit procedure applied to them .
LANG_ENG As a result , I support the Commission proposal , which would open spare parts markets to competition .
LANG_ENG The wetness indicator integrated into the foil backing is helpful in the care of severely ill or disoriented patients .
LANG_ENG In &quot; Pont d &apos; Inca Nou &quot; transfer from the quick-track into the red-yellow Express-Bus No. 302 or 302A and travel up to the stop " Son Daviu / Es Garrovers &quot; in 15 minutes .
LANG_ENG If it becomes concrete , the MAI will make European political and social construction all the more difficult and will remove all substance from it .
LANG_ENG This should not have surprised anyone .
LANG_ENG &#91; 60 &#93; In the past , Pakistani personnel have volunteered to serve alongside Arab forces in conflicts with Israel .
LANG_ENG Members of the trade unions are with us today in the gallery .
LANG_ENG I am quite convinced that their choice should at least be respected .
LANG_ENG The committee wanted to make this reference simply in the form of an amendment , which does not modify the basis of the Commission &apos;s proposal but merely changes its recitals .
LANG_ENG Behind the wall of military containment , the West ate away Soviet self-confidence with broadcasts , student and cultural exchanges , and the success of capitalist economics .
LANG_ENG In recent years , Ferrari has made success a habit .
LANG_ENG It is also very important , however , to involve the new Member States of the European Union in the process of developing cutting-edge technologies .
LANG_ENG Easy Web TV and Radio is an excellent entertainme ...
LANG_ENG You have presented a number of proposals as to how we should increase our solidarity and also how the role of the EU as a mediator in conflicts that affect us , in particular between Russia and Ukraine , can be strengthened .
LANG_ENG And I can only export in such a system with the help of subsidies , because otherwise the expensive European products would never sell .
LANG_ENG In the European judicial area , prevention of this type of crime seems still not to be the object of political and parliamentary preparatory action or control , and merely takes the form of police co-operation .
LANG_ENG No , it amounts to nothing more than bribes for international banking systems .
LANG_ENG For this to happen , it needs a vision , strength of will and a detailed roadmap .
LANG_ENG However , the Commission has kept its promise to Parliament and informed it about the various phases of consultation of the social partners .
LANG_ENG Any delay of a terminal element on the critical path directly impacts the planned project completion date (i.e. there is no float on the critical path).
LANG_ENG Firms get to be large by exploiting economies of scale , refining and mass-producing the radical innovations developed by entrepreneurs (discussed next).
LANG_ENG The IPFire developers have built pakfire with the goal of simplifying the installation of an addon or updateoften requiring just a few mouse clicks .
LANG_ENG According to the legend , Miguel de Cervantes , Spanish novelist , had been a prisoner of the pirates here .
LANG_ENG This 4-Star-Hotel is situated directly on the beach of Magalluf with panoramic seaview .
LANG_ENG I cannot believe that the Council is taking on board the proposals from Ecofin in the budgetary area .
LANG_ENG Not only our certifications and approvals , but also our experience makes us a competent partner for all measures regarding quality assurance .
LANG_ENG A final word on the interinstitutional dimension .
LANG_ENG So how are we to cope at European level with part of a problem of truly global dimensions ?
LANG_ENG " Normal access " should be raised to levels that are concomitant with members " potential need to borrow , and a new liquidity line to provide reliable and meaningful front-loaded financial support should be created .
LANG_ENG The information in the archives you are now accessing is outdated .
LANG_ENG When morning comes , we are freed from the enchantment and find that it was all just a dream , a castle in the clouds .
LANG_ENG Comprehension scores on the same test material improved from an average of 62% to an average of 71% . The average effective reading performance (ERP) * increased from 156 to 560 - an increase of 358% (summary).
LANG_ENG The EU , and especially the European Parliament , in fact has a very high profile and very high ambitions in the struggle for human rights .
LANG_ENG It is therefore very easy to see the wider implications of the safety issue .
LANG_ENG Those of us who know Mr Schulz realise that he does not always find it easy to be so moderate and restrained , but he managed it on this occasion , in order to make the points on behalf of the Group in a clear and lucid way .
LANG_ENG Runde is well known for the 230 bird species that occupy the island every spring and summer .
LANG_ENG The LateRooms rates for Five Pilmour Place in Fife are the total price of the room and not the &apos; per person &apos; rate .
LANG_ENG The free movement of persons is one of the basic freedoms achieved through European integration .
LANG_ENG They are here only to earn money without having any moral aspects in their job ?
LANG_ENG When you have finished , the area around the text would revert to whatever the background color was . The Defaults button restores the original settings .
LANG_ENG During this time of unprecedented economic turmoil across the globe following the financial crisis of 2008-09 , it is a testament to the financial skill and fiscal discipline of the Estonian Government that they have qualified for euro entry .
LANG_ENG The first is the appointment of ex-Prime Minister Tony Blair as special envoy for the Quartet .
LANG_ENG Compared to its previous status , the beer now has a full flavour and darker colour , and traditional floor malt produced in the Vysočina region is used .
LANG_ENG agreements they have with local fishermen .
LANG_ENG We will get back to you as soon as possible .
LANG_ENG Please take it from me that in June we shall proceed .
LANG_ENG We are extremely glad that this has now come before us .
LANG_ENG Worthing is the largest town and a local government district in West Sussex , England .
LANG_ENG I believe that the agency is able to respond to these questions .
LANG_ENG It is far from that .
LANG_ENG ) conforming to this rigorous European electrical standard . - The awarding of the German DIN standard and the Dutch NL type-approvals are a guarantee of your safety and the working efficiency .
LANG_ENG This means you can visit your property whenever you want , and be sure that none of your objects will be mixed up with those of another client .
LANG_ENG The Basic Law was originally promulgated on 23 May 1949 as a provisional arrangement for the Federal Republic in divided Germany .
LANG_ENG We resolutely reject the death penalty , in whatever form and on whatever grounds .
LANG_ENG For same-day reservations you should call the hostel directly .
LANG_ENG Each dossier includes resources , news , links and suggestions for practical experiments and activities .
LANG_ENG the market leader in press distribution - both in traditional physical distribution , and for selected digital content .
LANG_ENG Our construction will be primarily a scale and this element will be the focus of our project .
LANG_ENG I support the call on the Commission to come forward with a green paper .
LANG_ENG For my country , the opening up in the agricultural and textile areas , including the bilateral agreements being negotiated by the European Union , such as that with Pakistan , without taking Portuguese requirements into account , is particularly worrying .
LANG_ENG in an alpine and mountain landscape which is one of the most stunning hiking region and one of the most beautiful and interesting regions in Austria and Europe .
LANG_ENG Many years ago the water from Lake Svitiaz was taken to Warsaw , so polish pretty ladies could take natural cosmetic bathes .
LANG_ENG Sweden &apos;s Minister for Foreign Affairs , Carl Bildt , was also in the Committee on Foreign Affairs last week , where he presented a report and held long discussions , including on the Middle East .
LANG_ENG It may be that this matter is adequately regulated by the Member States &apos; legislation .
LANG_ENG But , also , a reliable road creates tremendous additional activity , as trade increases between connected areas , and myriad businesses , restaurants , and hotels spring up along the way .
LANG_ENG If the Statute for Members is to be implemented , an agreement as to the rules applicable between Parliament and the Council is not enough . What is also required , of course , is for the budgetary authority to make the necessary financial resources available .
LANG_ENG As Bertha was afraid of some steep mountains , the return trip follows an alternative route and finally leads along the river Rhine to reach Mannheim again .
LANG_ENG the town is situated some 50km south from Burgas and 17km away form Sozopol , surrounded by the rich forests of the Strandja Mountain .
LANG_ENG That is what we can do; that is what we ought to do , in the name of the European Community doctrine of defence of human rights and democracy .
LANG_ENG I therefore urge you to support Amendment No 151 , which I have tabled jointly with several of my colleagues .
LANG_ENG Madam Commissioner , I wanted to ask you a supplementary question .
LANG_ENG The swimming pool with its open air bar is freely available .
LANG_ENG It is as if freedom , security and justice had not been invented until these decisions were made , but the fact is of course that by far the greater part of judicial criminal investigation and police work is done nationally and locally .
LANG_ENG The Staff Regulations also need amendment , that much is clear .
LANG_ENG Heat-generator for heating industrial premises , The compressor equipment , Machines hinged for entering mineral fertilizers , Dryers and drying installations industrial , Plywood .
LANG_ENG Since the 1990s the scientific technical orientation in the German environmental research has been criticized and a stronger focus on social issues has been called for .
LANG_ENG Pesa Catering provides all aspects of food and drink service for a wide range of festive and business occasions .
LANG_ENG Please do not hesitate to contact us , we will enjoy assisting you !
LANG_ENG There are even special shopping routes: there is something for everyone .
LANG_ENG Another way of configuring system is to leave it in the default C locale , but enable UTF-8 character representation at the same time .
LANG_ENG A moving part of the visit of the ad hoc delegation to Sarajevo was an inspection of minefields .
LANG_ENG That is why I will vote &apos; no &apos; to all ten countries &apos; accession .
LANG_ENG People cannot be asked to be flexible when they have no confidence either in themselves or in the world around them .
LANG_ENG Of course , there is no mention anywhere in the report of what the citizens of the Member States might think about this .
LANG_ENG Progress in medical technology - such as miniaturized treatment and surgical procedures , state-of-the-art imaging techniques or improved communication (e.g. by telemedicine) - have revolutionized diagnosis and therapy and thus offer considerable improvements for patients as well as for further research .
LANG_ENG We also want correct accounting , that is , we want no funding which is not subject to controls , or which flows into channels where it cannot be scrutinized , and which simply give environmental organizations a bad image .
LANG_ENG When you depart from the Netherlands or United Kingdom , you can also check in by telephone .
LANG_ENG By virtue of these relationships , the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity .
LANG_ENG Hiking and mountain biking is getting more and more popular , but also rafting , canyoning , climbing , fishing , scuba diving , kayaking or simply jogging may be the ultimate recreation for a sporty tourist !
LANG_ENG Not under any circumstances do we want services of general interest defined at European level in the future , be it in a framework directive or in the constitutional treaty .
LANG_ENG Online Casino Slots icon will appear right on your desktop .
LANG_ENG Symposiums hosted by Software &amp; Support Verlag are among the major events of this branch of business .
LANG_ENG We must make every effort to resolve the issue of the language regime , which would reduce the cost of obtaining a European patent for companies operating within the EU .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I will not go into details of the various articles and chapters of the budget - other speakers have analysed them sufficiently - but will restrict myself to expressing a number of general thoughts concerning the role of the budget and how that role is developing .
LANG_ENG The proposal that we are examining today at second reading gives national vehicle registration authorities access to certain categories of the Schengen Information System .
LANG_ENG Depending on the performance of the various end devices , mobile games run at differing speeds or in varying quality .
LANG_ENG Regarding the discharge in the European Parliament I should like to say that improvements in management can be discerned under the current Bureau and the present Secretary-General .
LANG_ENG So the region itself is taking stock of its position .
LANG_ENG This is no longer the exception .
LANG_ENG In our camping You will find a new tavern with a terrace viewing the bay .
LANG_ENG The property is in some minutes only of the south side of Grand Bay with its supermarkets , restaurants , banks and a private health center .
LANG_ENG Let spoil , we look forward to you .
LANG_ENG If a few big countries set a bad example , the situation does not look very good .
LANG_ENG Suitable as well for periodontal pocket irrigation with antimicrobial delivery (see also: Piezon ® Master 600 , miniMaster , miniPiezon ®).
LANG_ENG Malta is an ideal destination to enjoy during your holidays .
LANG_ENG It is now designated D 4042 . A new such car was required as the old D 4042 used to compose historic trains was damaged heavily on 25 July 1998 and had to be scrapped .
LANG_ENG Until now for you the most unusual color of a pen was the green ?
LANG_ENG  ({ { TNG &#124; Justice } }) { { bginfo &#124; The surface of Rubicun III was shot at the Van Nuys Japanese garden at the &#91; &#91; Tillman Water Reclamation Plant &#93; &#93; , California .
LANG_ENG In designing projects , we study and learn about your business so we can incorporate the identity and appearance of your business into the design .
LANG_ENG If there are no problems , the user will never see the installer menu , but will simply answer questions for each component in turn .
LANG_ENG Each book hook is a unique piece and is produced in Germany . It consists of waxed solid wood , and is for the most part , hand-made .
LANG_ENG Would it not make sense , therefore , to shift the budget &apos;s attention to fishing regions that have been self-sufficient to date ?
LANG_ENG It is also important to underline that agriculture is by no means a driver of food prices: in the price of a bread roll , for example , the wheat used to make it accounts for less than 2% of the costs .
LANG_ENG ) &quot; Had the International Criminal Court been in existence - noted the international lawyer Greenwood - and had the relevant states been parties to its Statute , the perpetrators of the 11 September atrocities could have been tried by that Court for Crimes against Humanity &quot; .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I am unable to vote on this topic due to financial involvement .
LANG_ENG I would , though , beg the Commission to do everything possible to achieve a breakthrough on the taxation framework directive as well , as it cannot but help to supplement taxes on business and thus help Europe to successfully realise ...
LANG_ENG It should come as no surprise that the anti-globalists " erstwhile punching bags - the World Bank and , increasingly , the IMF and the WTO - are more open and transparent than many of their member states .
LANG_ENG This technology is necessary for Europe and is impressive , and not just in my opinion .
LANG_ENG Description: Dar El Ghalia is a prince palace built back in the 19th century .
LANG_ENG They can absorb moisture (and release it again later) without feeling damp .
LANG_ENG The most prevalent theory for the third species is the fall of a large asteroid 250 million years ago , this caused the loss of 90% of species of land making this the largest to date .
LANG_ENG If we want to stimulate growth , employment and prosperity , the textbooks say that we should pursue a sustainable , credible and cautious policy , but with investment in education , research and infrastructure and in levelling out wage differences throughout the EU .
LANG_ENG But the trend in concentration will reverse about a decade from now , owing to the size and growth rates of India and China , which together account for almost 40% of the world " s population .
LANG_ENG Flat for rent in Alcudia , Mallorca with lovely sea views and only a few meters from the beach .
LANG_ENG Any ideology is open to various interpretations .
LANG_ENG We enjoy the flair of the metropolitan and hike up volcano Pichincha , the landmark-mountain of Quito ...
LANG_ENG there were no slippers for guests in the room ! ! !
LANG_ENG Developing the propulsion technology to the point where it is competitive on the market also depends on the hydrogen fuel .
LANG_ENG The completion of the single market now demands the introduction of the euro and decisive measures to eliminate the patchwork of VAT rates .
LANG_ENG If no order confirmation or delivery is sent to you within 14 days , you are no longer bound to your order .
LANG_ENG Fix: Defective libraries with duplicate paths no longer crash .
LANG_ENG See testimony in our November 2007 newsletter .
LANG_ENG Adopting this ILO convention on domestic workers will be an essential element in ensuring that domestic workers &apos; human , social and employment rights are respected .
LANG_ENG The tests were successful then , and in a month occurred on the first flight of " CT T-60 " .
LANG_ENG Profiling of the web leads to higher load bearing capacity (in comparison with rolled profiles) and decreasing of the material used .
LANG_ENG I am often asked questions by individuals about why we do not do more to combat international crime .
LANG_ENG How often do you go skiing ?
LANG_ENG It features a powerful 2.75 HP motor , 2 sturdy side handrails and a long walking and running pla ...
LANG_ENG In view of many of our attitudes all this makes me think with no fear of being wrong that it wouldn &apos;t be that bad if we resembled animals , or at least many of them .
LANG_ENG Our Integrated Rule of Law Mission , EUJUST LEX , has been extended several times at Iraqi request and is now also training inside Iraq .
LANG_ENG Cryptical organic bodies forcing - in two-dimensional and three-dimensional space - the visitors to grasp and thereby engage .
LANG_ENG We will only be able to guarantee patients &apos; safety if we ensure that prior authorisation is in place before patients travel abroad .
LANG_ENG In fact , as my fellow Member has just said , the latest information concerning the Council &apos;s positions reached us only a few hours ago .
LANG_ENG You &apos;ll find parking space next to the house .
LANG_ENG The long discussed issue of the digital divide is still topical .
LANG_ENG The Commission and the Council must follow this path .
LANG_ENG a perfunctory summary of the involvement of China (this being placed in as positive a context as possible) in Darfur , whereas we all surely know perfectly well that there has been no improvement whatsoever in the region;
LANG_ENG For greater safety when braking on curves - Cornering Brake Control stabilises your BMW by applying braking pressure asymmetrically despite physically difficult conditions (e.g. the car swerving towards the inside of the bend when the wheel load changes).
LANG_ENG The discussion in Parliament shows that we must have a broad debate on these matters , but I think it is too early today to reach a definite position as there are both advantages and disadvantages .
LANG_ENG It is about a logistics system in the European Union that we are trying to build .
LANG_ENG The most prominent new numbers are Hladiny / Surfaces; Tante cose da veder (both Kudykam); and Havrani na sněhu / Rooks on Snow (Martin).
LANG_ENG Mr President , I rise on a point of political importance under Rule 144 .
LANG_ENG The luxurious Best Western Premier Victor &apos;s Residenz is situated in the heart of the fair city directly opposite the impressive main railway station .
LANG_ENG Mr President , I should like to express my disappointment that on a matter on which I have had a written question before the Commission for more than six weeks , and which I raised in the debate , I have had no acknowledgement , far less a reply .
LANG_ENG Other products in this group are rear tippers , low-bed semi-trailers , tipper semi-trailers , water tanks , water tank semi-trailers and cement carriers .
LANG_ENG - supervisions and NDT tests at &quot; offshore &quot; constructions performed in compliance with the NORSOK STANDARD M-101 .
LANG_ENG I have also been sceptical at times as to the real determination of President Musharraf , ostensibly our ally in the war on terrorism , to really stamp out radical Islamist Jahadis and stop youngsters , including EU citizens , being educated in the hardline Deobandi madrassas .
LANG_ENG a) The sale of goods is only possible in household quantities .
LANG_ENG 20 Double ensuite rooms with TV in our newly built , seperated Hotel Bulding !
LANG_ENG Fill in the form and our staff of trained professionals will take care of the rest . It &apos;s that easy !
LANG_ENG Finally , with regard to the European Union , it must be noted that , in Sierra Leone as elsewhere , it is noticeable by its absence , as it has been unable to attach any real diplomatic influence to its economic aid .
LANG_ENG It is already done in the case of European road , rail and inland waterways transport and it would help improve the harmonisation in this field .
LANG_ENG In autumn 2009 he appears in Haendel " s opera Anaesthesia in Berlin , Hannover , Halle , Luxembourg and Bregenz . In 2010 he sings in the world premiere of Klaus Lang " s buch asche at Oper Bonn .
LANG_ENG Despite this , the report that has emerged is in my view a solid one , and as a shadow rapporteur I should like to thank both the translators and my colleagues for their cooperation .
LANG_ENG Only those who promote the false idea that a supposed consensus was obtained within the Convention can feign astonishment .
LANG_ENG Une honte , c &apos;est le principal attrait de l &apos;hotel qui est loin du centre ville !
LANG_ENG I have received seven motions for resolutions , pursuant to Rule 103 (2) of the Rules of Procedure . (1) 
LANG_ENG I accept that Namco Bandai Partners and / or subsidiaries of the Namco Bandai group may contact me concerning products , new releases , and special offers , as well as other information .
LANG_ENG Anatomy of a Revolution Delayed
LANG_ENG At KURZ , the currently introduced QM system is no cause to rest on our laurels , but rather an obligation and challenge for the future .
LANG_ENG In countries with a higher level of studies , there is less inequality between people , which is a major challenge for Portugal , a country with the highest inequality and the lowest educational training in the EU .
LANG_ENG If you would like to receive feedback to your comments or questions please provide your name and e-mail address .
LANG_ENG There was no mention of this in Berlin , and I therefore assume that it cannot go through .
LANG_ENG On the other hand , we also have the experience referred to by the previous speaker whereby there are quite a few countries in which goods became more expensive after Community exhaustion had been introduced , for example Germany , Sweden and Great Britain .
LANG_ENG Because , even with the help of software Rotoshop , interpolating the strokes , the process still involves a large scale factor and the right hand of the animator who must review their work frame by frame .
LANG_ENG We could have told you about Naples " charm , about its people , about the wonderful gulf and islands that make it unique .
LANG_ENG I do not know .
LANG_ENG Nela analízáronse as versións indentitarias entendéndoas as proxectos .
LANG_ENG Mr Rosado Fernandes , you have apologized , and Mr Blak has accepted that apology .
LANG_ENG That is how we interpret it and I think there can be no other interpretation .
LANG_ENG Special climate conditions are created for animals living in radical environments , such as penguin s . Special enclosures for bird s , insect s , fish es and other aquatic life forms have also been developed and are used in many zoos .
LANG_ENG The instruments of Community policy , therefore , are not supported in the budget .
LANG_ENG Logisticus is young and have mighty roots , which originates back from HHLA , the Hamburger Hafen-and Lagerhaus-AG .
LANG_ENG Adin was fearful that there would be irreversible damage done to his mind if he did not .
LANG_ENG In the sender direction , this module must be called last in the module chain .
LANG_ENG This traditional 4-star hotel in the centre of Traunkirchen , at the western shore of Lake Traun (only 50 metres away), originated as a tavern and guesthouse of the nearby monastery .
LANG_ENG I am convinced that the unitary European patent and the linguistic regime as one of its elements must be seen in this context .
LANG_ENG The report continues in this vein .
LANG_ENG I disagree with the European Commission &apos;s opinion that the more participants in the cultural programme , the more visible it is .
LANG_ENG There are still some important differences between the possibilities offered by Adobe AIR , depending on the type of development environment you choose .
LANG_ENG Anyone who follows the situation closely knows that a coordinated approach is needed to improve their working and living conditions .
LANG_ENG VIRTUAL VICTIM was founded as a solo project by the 30-year old German musician Chris in April 2004 .
LANG_ENG Enjoy a delicious mix of Sardinian and international cuisine at the restaurant , which is also a beautiful setting for a reception or business lunch .
LANG_ENG It was 2001 before we got any satisfaction out of the Commission .
LANG_ENG It was decided to increase quotas and reduce prices .
LANG_ENG In this way , the LRA , the armed resistance , does not hesitate to kidnap seven-year-old boys and subject them to extreme brutality to train them to fight and terrorise villagers .
LANG_ENG For the Russians , the situation military went from bad to worse .
LANG_ENG Savour the international nightlife of exotic Chinatown , neon-lit Soho or trendy Shoreditch .
LANG_ENG I was very pleased by the statement from the Council indicating that it does not foresee any difficulty in joining our register , as Mr Weber has just pointed out .
LANG_ENG The guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Hotel Restaurant Wachauerhof .
LANG_ENG We can provide an interpreter in the city where the negotiations are held .
LANG_ENG The bathroom wasn &apos;t cleaned properly as the toilet had a bad smell when I checked into the room .
LANG_ENG This may be my frustration talking , but I feel that we must take every opportunity to condemn this process as unacceptable .
LANG_ENG Wide selection of lunch menus , dinners and coffee breaks designed according to your wishes and your budget will compliment your event .
LANG_ENG Situated in the heart of the Lido , the most important tourist area in Funchal , the Four Views Monumental Hotel is a fine choice for an invigorating holiday ...
LANG_ENG Thanks to the success of our products , our knowledgeable staff and our partners , Brilliant Hotelsoftware continues to grow in the U.S. , Canada , Europe and the Middle East .
LANG_ENG One theory is that we have gotten better at IQ tests because we live in a more symbol-rich environment .
LANG_ENG 75% of office workers can waste up to 3 hours each week because they find business software difficult to use according to research conducted by Global Graphics .
LANG_ENG The PVV strongly supports independent scientific research and , for that very reason , we want a transparent procedure which will not produce disputable outcomes .
LANG_ENG Luca , Marie Louise and Siguid are the artists behind Popupshop .
LANG_ENG As a Skype affiliate you can make money by directing traffic to Skype .
LANG_ENG Ladies and gentlemen , you will understand that my group cannot accept the ban imposed by this paragraph .
LANG_ENG The current events there are of deep concern to all of us .
LANG_ENG Analyses by leading world organisations on macroeconomic policies and global trends indicate that the coming ten years will see high levels of political and economic insecurity .
LANG_ENG First written note about the village comes from 1323 .
LANG_ENG The latter , one feels that the pro posed .
LANG_ENG GRA and GMS condemn the statements which are unacceptable and damaging to Switzerland . The two non-governmental organisations appeal to the Swiss population to take a more active role in protecting minorities .
LANG_ENG These new components not only produce less vibration but also improve the noise level in this segment .
LANG_ENG wmdiskmon is a dockapp to monitor disk usage .
LANG_ENG Allow me to repeat that one of the advantages of the partnership agreement with Turkey is that it provides the opportunity to carefully monitor the situation in the country .
LANG_ENG  (GA) Mr President , since this is my first opportunity to speak in Parliament , I would like to begin in my native language .
LANG_ENG There are also opportunities to work as company medical officers .
LANG_ENG While the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP or World Hindu Congress) exhorts its cadres to prepare for the Final Solution , Prime Minister Vajpayee assures the nation that all citizens , regardless of religion , are treated equally .
LANG_ENG If you have already established a Skill based Tournament Account and you do not wish to continue to be bound by this Agreement , you should terminate Your Skill based Tournament Account in accordance with Section 7 of this Agreement .
LANG_ENG  (DE) Mr President , Mr President-in-Office , the message I am getting from the governments is that this is an Irish problem .
LANG_ENG That is just an illusion !
LANG_ENG In addition , the cabin crew directive should now be incorporated into this regulation .
LANG_ENG In the simulation , she had a friend named &#91; &#91; Francine &#93; &#93; .
LANG_ENG A domain strategy is the equivalent to your offline brand strategy .
LANG_ENG The objectives have been met or even exceeded .
LANG_ENG This is of particular importance because my brain tells me that we should not accept this amendment .
LANG_ENG As said before , the Canary Islands lie near the northern coast of Africa surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean .
LANG_ENG If it is a damage spell , then the effect is how much damage the spell does .
LANG_ENG It must be made clear that a regime that has come to power by means of a military coup cannot support the power that has been seized illegally , by force of arms , by means of aid payments from the international donor community .
LANG_ENG Thank you , Mr President , for your reactions and your keen-sighted ability to notice that I am present in the House .
LANG_ENG Mr President , this explanation of vote has fallen at exactly the right moment , lunch time .
LANG_ENG However , recompiling is a still good idea from the standpoint of maintaining system consistency .
LANG_ENG All fun consists in trying on clothes together .
LANG_ENG But the clock is ticking .
LANG_ENG At number 16 it is the entrance of the famous Santa Maria Novella Chemist , open to the public since the beginning of the sixteen hundreds by the bordering monastery next door .
LANG_ENG Under the name of TRACE - Training for Consumer Empowerment - the European Consumers &apos; Organisation BEUC organises training courses for staff of consumer organisations on behalf of the European Commission .
LANG_ENG is honoured to invite you to try an unique and unforgettable experience made of love and respect for the marvelous beauty that characterizes our territory .
LANG_ENG In many ways , it has eroded or even eliminated the kind of arbitrary constraints that turned peaceable boys into aggressive men and stuck ambitious girls in low-paying jobs .
LANG_ENG Lastly , I would like to thank Mr Gallagher for the excellent work he has done in this report .
LANG_ENG But to do that would be turning my back on the order I swore to follow; I &apos;d never forgive myself .
LANG_ENG Please reserve your room directly with the - comments " David Icke " to get the special rate .
LANG_ENG The comfort and the cleanliness of room .
LANG_ENG 15 minutes from St. Gallen and Rheineck , 98 km from Zurich .
LANG_ENG Opposing viewpoints had to be reconciled .
LANG_ENG Our Agency is a holder of the Professional Licence No 4038 and a civil liability insurance policy &quot; PZU &quot; .
LANG_ENG Like all insurgencies , public support - or the lack of it - will determine the outcome .
